<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-36b93069-418f-360e-617e-fd22a8bcb986_UUID-954d9527-641f-d502-a632-600358ab3789" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Recognition and Presentation of the Effects of Hedging
                        Instruments</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">The amendments in this ASU also align the recognition and presentation of
                        the effects of the hedging instrument and the hedged item in the financial
                        statements to increase the understandability of the results of an entity’s
                        intended hedging strategies.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">The amendments in this ASU require an entity to present the earnings
                        effect of the hedging instrument in the same income statement line item in
                        which the earnings effect of the hedged item is reported. This presentation
                        enables users of financial statements to better understand the results and
                        costs of an entity’s hedging program. Also, relative to current GAAP, this
                        approach simplifies the financial statement reporting for qualifying hedging
                        relationships. The amendments in this ASU require the following recognition
                        and presentation guidance for qualifying hedges:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">For fair value hedges, the entire change in the fair value of the
                                hedging instrument included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness
                                is presented in the same income statement line that is used to
                                present the earnings effect of the hedged item. The timing of
                                recognition of the change in fair value of a hedging instrument
                                included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness is the same as
                                under current GAAP, but the presentation of hedge results could
                                change because current GAAP does not specify a required presentation
                                of the change in fair value of the hedging instrument.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">For cash flow and net investment hedges, the entire change in the
                                fair value of the hedging instrument included in the assessment of
                                hedge effectiveness is recorded in other comprehensive income (for
                                cash flow hedges) or in the currency translation adjustment section
                                of other comprehensive income (for net investment hedges). Those
                                amounts are reclassified to earnings in the same income statement
                                line item that is used to present the earnings effect of the hedged
                                item when the hedged item affects earnings. The timing of
                                recognition of the change in fair value of a hedging instrument
                                could change relative to current GAAP because hedge ineffectiveness
                                no longer is recognized currently in earnings. The presentation of
                                hedge results also could change because current GAAP does not
                                specify a required presentation of the change in fair value of the
                                hedging instrument in the income statement.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>