<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11_UUID-1c3a2a73-b98b-0e37-e3d2-01c0d9442c07" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">The Understanding of Processes and Controls the Auditor Needs to Plan
                    the Audit</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11_aag-afi8.11" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">8.11</b> In obtaining an
                    understanding of the entity and its environment, including its internal control
                    , the auditor determines that</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Lane initiates trades and directs the broker-dealer to execute
                            them.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Lane maintains records of the trades it directs the broker-dealer to
                            execute.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the broker-dealer sends a confirmation of each trade to Lane, which
                            Lane usually receives within three business days.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Lane compares the information in the trade confirmation with its
                            record of the trade that it directed the broker-dealer to execute and
                            investigates significant differences.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Lane records the trade in the applicable general ledger
                            accounts.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">at the end of the year, Lane adjusts the general ledger accounts for
                            trades it has initiated for which confirmations have not been received.
                            Information for that adjustment is obtained from Lane’s record of trades
                            it directed the broker-dealer to execute and the confirmations of those
                            trades it received subsequent to year-end.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">monthly, the broker-dealer sends Lane a statement that includes
                            trades, servicing transactions, a description of the financial
                            instruments held, and the fair value of each of those financial
                            instruments.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">monthly, Lane compares the information about trades and the components
                            of its financial instrument portfolio shown in its accounting records
                            with the broker-dealer’s monthly statement and investigates significant
                            differences.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">monthly, Lane records servicing transactions and changes in unrealized
                            holding gains and losses based on information in the broker-dealer’s
                            monthly statement. Lane compares the broker-dealer information with its
                            expectations based on published information and investigates significant
                            differences.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11_aag-afi8.12" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">8.12</b> Paragraph .05 of
                    AU-C section 402B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Audit Considerations Relating to an
                        Entity Using a Service Organization</i>, does not apply to services
                    that are limited to processing an entity’s transactions that are specifically
                    authorized by the entity, such as the processing of checking account
                    transactions by a bank or the processing of financial instrument transactions by
                    a broker (that is, when the user entity retains responsibility for authorizing
                    the transactions and maintaining the related accountability). <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="3" id="UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11-aag-afi8-fn3" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Each AU-C section in this guide designated with a “B” suffix (for
                            example, “AU-C section 200B”) denotes content that does not reflect the
                            codification of Statement on Auditing Standards (SAS) Nos. 134–140 or
                            the amendments to other SASs made by SAS Nos. 134–140 and
                            subsequently-issued SASs.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi_the_understanding_of_processes.dita#UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11_UUID-1c3a2a73-b98b-0e37-e3d2-01c0d9442c07/UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11-aag-afi8-fn3"/>
         </ph> Because Lane retains responsibility for authorizing the transactions
                    and maintaining the related accountability, AU-C section 402B is not applicable
                    in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-afi/aag-afi8/aag-afi8_scenario_a/aag-afi8_scenario_a.dita#UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11_UUID-4a8ef84d-e2e7-0a74-31f2-8209e78e09f5">scenario A</xref>.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>