<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-432f478b-5973-4ad6-69b9-3f003b4a8ba0" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Firm Trading</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">Firm Trading <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="9" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-footnote-idm53392888158560" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">See the section “<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd1/aag-brd1_business_activities/aag-brd1_other_activities/aag-brd1_other_activities.dita#UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-c95e8139-f368-58a5-91fb-b8d9177c5387">Other Activities</xref>” in this chapter for information on digital
                            assets as a class of products being traded.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd1_firm_trading.dita#UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-432f478b-5973-4ad6-69b9-3f003b4a8ba0/UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-footnote-idm53392888158560"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.74" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.74</b> Firm trading
                    (also referred to as proprietary trading) involves a full range of activities
                    whereby broker-dealers may take principal positions for their own accounts.
                    Certain broker-dealers make markets in particular OTC securities by standing
                    ready to buy or sell securities to their customers or other broker-dealers.
                    These broker-dealers often carry an inventory of securities in which they make a
                    market and are exposed to the market risks inherent in such positions. In
                    addition, these broker-dealers may sell securities short in anticipation of
                    decreases in the price of the securities.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.75" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.75</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Riskless arbitrage</i>. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Riskless arbitrage</i> is the simultaneous purchase and sale of the
                    same or an equivalent security in order to profit from price discrepancies.
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Convertible arbitrage</i> is a form of
                    riskless arbitrage that uses convertible securities or warrants versus the
                    underlying equity securities. Broker-dealers can profit from temporary price
                    differences that exist from the same or similar securities traded in different
                    financial markets. Another kind of basic arbitrage involves purchasing and
                    selling similar securities in like markets.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.76" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.76</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Risk arbitrage</i>. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Risk
                        arbitrage</i> is a term used to describe special situations (such as
                    mergers, reorganizations, recapitalizations, and tenders for cash or securities)
                    in which the arbitrage trader buys or sells securities without fully hedging or
                    offsetting risk, with the intention of realizing a profit at some future period
                    based on the anticipated market movement when the special situation is
                    completed.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.77" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.77</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Program trading</i>. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Program
                        trading</i> is a term used to describe the simultaneous buying and
                    selling of a large number of different stocks based on their perceived
                    correlation. Program trading may encompass several index-related trading
                    strategies, including hedging, index arbitrage, and portfolio insurance. Program
                    trades are often accomplished through an exchange's high-speed order system. By
                    using a high-speed order system, program trades can be carried out in a matter
                    of minutes. Program trading enables institutions to make broad changes in their
                    portfolios and thus facilitates index arbitrage. Index arbitrage combines the
                    buying and selling of stocks with offsetting trades in stock index futures or
                    options.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.78" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.78</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Algorithmic trading.</i> Algorithmic trading, also
                    called automated trading, black-box trading, or algo trading, is the use of
                    electronic platforms for entering trading orders with an algorithm which
                    executes pre-programmed trading instructions whose variables may include timing,
                    price, or quantity of the order. Algorithmic trading is widely used by
                    investment banks, pension funds, mutual funds, and other buy-side
                    (investor-driven) institutional traders, to divide large trades into several
                    smaller trades to manage market impact and risk. Broker-dealers and some hedge
                    funds, provide liquidity to the market by generating and executing orders
                    automatically. A special class of algorithmic trading is high-frequency trading,
                    which is often most profitable during periods of high market volatility.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.79" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.79</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Block trading</i>. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Block
                        trading</i> is the acquisition or disposition of large quantities of
                    securities by a broker-dealer to facilitate the execution of buy or sell orders
                    of customers, usually institutions. Block traders locate suitable trading
                    partners and assist the buyer and seller in negotiating terms of the trade. The
                    broker-dealer's assistance is needed because the order is large enough that
                    exposing the entire order could materially affect the market price of the stock
                    or the inflow of orders to the exchange floor is generally too small to execute
                    the trade in a reasonable period of time, and designated market makers typically
                    do not have sufficient capital to execute such transactions. In addition,
                    designated market makers are not allowed to communicate directly with public
                    buyers and sellers, whereas block traders may communicate with them. If the
                    broker-dealer has negotiated a trade, it is crossed on the exchange (that is,
                    the broker executes two or more matched orders on the exchange).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.80" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.80</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">When-issued transactions</i>. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">When-issued transactions</i> are contracts to purchase or sell
                    securities only when, as, and if new securities are issued. Broker-dealers enter
                    into such purchase or sale transactions on pending issues of new securities.
                    Trading in when-issued securities normally begins when the U.S. Treasury, a
                    municipality, a state, or some other issuer of securities announces a
                    forthcoming issue. Such transactions are contingent upon the issuance of the
                    securities. Because the exact price and terms of the securities are unknown
                    before the issuance date, trading prior to that date is on a yield basis (that
                    is, based on the yields that buyers expect). The exact terms and price of the
                    security become known on the issuance date, and when-issued trading continues
                    until the settlement date, at which time the securities are delivered and the
                    issuer is paid. When-issued transactions may also arise as a result of
                    underwritings, exchanges, and mergers after preliminary agreement to issue the
                    securities is established but before a date for settlement has been set.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.81" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.81</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">To-be-announced (TBA) trades</i>. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">TBA</i> is a term used to describe forward
                    mortgage-backed securities trades. The term TBA is derived from the fact that
                    the actual mortgage-backed security that will be delivered to fulfill a TBA
                    trade is not designated at the time the trade is made. The securities are to be
                    announced 48 hours prior to the established trade settlement date.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.82" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.82</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Delayed delivery</i>. A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">delayed
                        delivery transaction</i> is a transaction in which both parties to
                    the trade agree on a deferred settlement. Delayed delivery transactions are
                    purchases or sales of securities similar in most respects to regular-way
                    transactions (normal settlement) except that, by agreement, the date of
                    consummation or settlement is extended.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.83" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.83</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Hedging</i>. Hedging instruments and techniques have
                    been developed by broker-dealers to offset or minimize the risk of losses that
                    an enterprise may be exposed to because of the effect of price changes on its
                    assets, liabilities, or future commitments. Hedging instruments and techniques
                    were developed in response to the volatility of interest rates, securities and
                    commodity prices, and foreign exchange rates. These instruments may be used for
                    speculative purposes, as well as hedging. The more common hedging instruments
                    used as risk management tools include futures contracts; forward contracts;
                    options; interest rate caps, floors, and collars; and swaps.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.84" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.84</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Futures and forward contracts</i>. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Futures contracts</i> are standardized contracts traded
                    on organized exchanges to purchase or sell a specified financial instrument or
                    commodity on a future date at a specified price. Financial futures include
                    contracts for debt instruments (interest rate futures), foreign currencies, and
                    stock indexes. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Forward contracts</i> are
                    contracts for forward placement or delayed delivery of financial instruments or
                    commodities in which one party agrees to buy, and another to sell, a specified
                    security or commodity at a specified price for future delivery. Forward
                    contracts are individually negotiated and have economic characteristics similar
                    to those of futures contracts, but they are not traded on an organized exchange,
                    and consequently, they are generally referred to as OTC.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.85" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.85</b> Forward
                    contracts and futures contracts both have substantial market risk. A buyer (long
                    position) of a futures contract profits when the value of the underlying
                    financial instrument or commodity increases, whereas a seller (short position)
                    of the futures contract incurs a loss.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.86" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.86</b> The credit risk
                    associated with a futures contract is generally less than it is for forward
                    contracts because of the protections afforded by the exchange clearing
                    organization system. All futures contracts cleared through a clearing
                    organization are subsequently measured at fair value (see the <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd_glossary/aag-brd_glossary.dita#UUID-0041c01e-5bb9-2ff6-384e-c62c6f9a997b">glossary</xref> of this guide), and the financial result is settled daily
                    between the clearing organization and clearing member. Because of this daily
                    settlement, the amount of unsettled credit exposures is limited to the amount
                    owed the clearing member for any one day.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.87" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.87</b> The clearing
                    organization also has a guarantee fund consisting of cash, securities, and bank
                    guarantees contributed by all clearing member firms. In the event the guarantee
                    funds are insufficient to cover a failed member firm's obligations to the
                    clearing organization system, the clearing organization has additional
                    assessment authority over all the remaining member firms.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.88" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.88</b> These
                    protections are intended to permit the clearing organization to fulfill the
                    obligations of any failed clearing member firm to other clearing member firms.
                    However, the exchange clearing organization will not necessarily guarantee the
                    performance or the money balances of the failed member firm with respect to the
                    individual customer accounts of a failed member firm (that is, the clearing
                    organization guarantee is generally limited to the commodities clearing
                    obligations of the failed member firm to other clearing member firms).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.89" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.89</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Options</i>. An option contract conveys a right, but
                    not an obligation, to buy or sell a specified number of units of a financial
                    instrument at a specific price per unit within a specified time period. The
                    instrument underlying the option may be a security; futures contract (for
                    example, an interest rate option); commodity; currency; or cash instrument.
                    Options may be bought or sold on organized exchanges or OTC on a
                    principal-to-principal basis or may be individually negotiated. A call option
                    gives the holder the right, but not the obligation, to buy the underlying
                    instrument. A put option gives the holder the right, but not the obligation, to
                    sell the underlying instrument. The price at which the underlying instrument may
                    be bought or sold during the specified period is referred to as the <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">strike</i> or <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">exercise
                        price</i>. The option buyer (holder) is the party that obtains the
                    right, by paying a premium, to buy (call) or sell (put) an instrument. The
                    option seller (writer) is the party that is obligated to perform if the option
                    is exercised.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.90" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.90</b> The option
                    buyer's profit potential can be virtually unlimited. The option buyer's loss,
                    however, is limited to the cost of the option (premium paid). Unlike the buyer
                    of an option contract, an option seller may be exposed to large and sometimes
                    unlimited market risk; however, the premiums received by the seller may provide
                    a potentially attractive return.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.91" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.91</b> After the
                    initial exchange of the premium, the writer of the option is not at risk to a
                    counterparty's default because the buyer is no longer obligated to perform. The
                    buyer of the option, however, is exposed to the writer's ability to perform. The
                    risk of counterparty default can be reduced by trading through an exchange
                    because the clearing organization of the exchange acts as guarantor for the
                    option contracts.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.92" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.92</b> When an option
                    is exercised depends on the market price versus the strike price, the outlook on
                    how one option will perform in relation to the other before the expiration date,
                    and the kind of option — European or American. A European option is exercisable
                    only at the maturity date of the option, whereas an American option is
                    exercisable at any time during the option period.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.93" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.93</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Caps, floors, and collars</i>. An <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">interest rate cap</i> is a contractual agreement
                    between two counterparties in which the buyer, in return for paying a fee, will
                    receive cash payments from the seller at specified dates if rates go above a
                    specified interest rate level known as the strike rate (cap). An <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">interest rate floor</i> is a contractual agreement
                    between two counterparties in which the buyer, in return for paying a fee, will
                    receive cash payments from the seller at specified dates if interest rates go
                    below the strike rate. The cap or floor fee (premium) is generally paid in
                    advance to the seller by the buyer, but it may be paid over the life of the cap
                    or floor agreement. At each settlement date during the term of the cap or floor,
                    the strike rate is compared with the market rate (index rate) to determine
                    whether the seller must make a payment to the buyer. The timing of these
                    payments varies depending on the agreement between the buyer and seller.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.94" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.94</b> The economic
                    characteristics of caps and floors are analogous to those of a series of
                    European interest rate options. The risks associated with caps and floors are
                    also similar to those of options (that is, they are asymmetrical). The buyer of
                    a cap or floor is protected against adverse interest rate changes (the loss is
                    limited to the premium) while having the ability to profit from favorable
                    changes in interest rates.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.95" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.95</b> As with an
                    option, the writer of a cap or floor has no risk of counterparty default unless
                    the cap or floor fee (premium) is paid over the life of the cap or floor
                    arrangement. The buyer, in contrast, incurs counterparty credit risk because the
                    third party may not fulfill its obligation.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.96" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.96</b> The buyer of the
                    interest rate cap can lower the fee paid in advance to the writer by writing a
                    floor (minimum level of a floating rate) on the transaction. If the floating
                    rate goes below the floor, the buyer of the interest rate cap (writer of the
                    floor) has to compensate the counterparty for the difference. An interest rate
                    contract that specifies both a cap and floor for interest rates is referred to
                    as a <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">collar</i>.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.97" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.97</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Swap transactions.</i>
         <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="10" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-footnote-idm53392888302110" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">In July 2012, the SEC and Commodity Futures Trading Commission jointly
                            adopted and published in the Federal Register new rules and
                            interpretations further defining the terms <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">swap</i> and <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">security-based
                                swap</i>. See 77 FR 48208, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Further
                                Definition of “Swap,” “Security-Based Swap,” and “Security-Based
                                Swap Agreement”; Mixed Swaps; Security-Based Swap Agreement
                                Recordkeeping</i>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd1_firm_trading.dita#UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-432f478b-5973-4ad6-69b9-3f003b4a8ba0/UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-footnote-idm53392888302110"/>
         </ph> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Swaps</i> are financial transactions
                    in which two counterparties agree to exchange streams of payments over time
                    according to a predetermined formula. Swaps are normally used to transform the
                    market exposure associated with a loan or bond borrowing from one interest rate
                    base (fixed term or floating rate) or currency denomination to another (across
                    markets).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.98" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.98</b> The typical
                    interest rate swap is an agreement between two parties under which each party
                    agrees to pay the other specified or determinable cash amounts on specified
                    future dates. The cash amounts to be paid by each party are defined in terms of
                    applying a specified interest rate (either fixed or variable) to a hypothetical
                    principal amount, referred to as the notional principal amount. The interest
                    rate swap does not modify preexisting debt instruments, and no securities
                    actually change hands between the parties. Interest rate swaps are generally
                    governed by an International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA) Master
                    Agreement.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.99" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.99</b> Currency swaps
                    are similar to interest rate swaps in that interest streams are exchanged
                    between two counterparties; however, unlike interest rate swaps, they are in two
                    different currencies (either fixed for fixed, fixed for floating, or floating
                    for floating). Further, unlike interest rate swaps, because two different
                    currencies are involved, there is generally an exchange of principal at
                    inception of the agreement and a re-exchange of like principal at
                    maturity.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.100" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.100</b> The term
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">currency swap</i>
         <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="11" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-footnote-idm53392888490712" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd1/aag-brd1_business_activities/aag-brd1_firm_trading/aag-brd1_firm_trading.dita#UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-432f478b-5973-4ad6-69b9-3f003b4a8ba0/UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-footnote-idm53392888302110">footnote 10</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd1_firm_trading.dita#UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-432f478b-5973-4ad6-69b9-3f003b4a8ba0/UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-footnote-idm53392888490712"/>
         </ph> is also used to describe arrangements in which spot and forward
                    foreign exchange contracts are entered into with the same counterparty (foreign
                    exchange swap). The forward amount exchanged is different from the spot amount
                    because the forward amount includes an interest differential between a fixed
                    rate in one currency and a fixed rate in the other currency. Unlike the currency
                    swaps described in the preceding paragraph in which there is a series of forward
                    exchanges (interest flows), a foreign exchange swap has only one forward
                    exchange.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.101" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.101</b> In interest
                    rate swaps, there is unlimited market risk and reward to the extent interest
                    rates fluctuate. The fixed-rate receiver loses if interest rates rise, and the
                    fixed-rate payer loses if interest rates fall. There is no market risk in the
                    principal amount of interest rate swaps. The counterparty to a currency swap is
                    exposed to interest rate movements and to foreign exchange risk on the principal
                    and interest.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.102" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.102</b> The
                    contractual or notional amounts related to interest rate and currency swaps do
                    not indicate the risk of default of the counterparty. Risk of default varies
                    with the financial strength of the counterparties. Further, the amount at risk
                    at a point in time is limited to the unrealized gain and varies with market
                    conditions. Additional credit protection may be provided through use of an
                    intermediary who guarantees the payment streams by providing a backup letter of
                    credit, collateral, or some other support arrangement. In addition, in 2016 the
                    CFTC adopted final regulations requiring certain swap counterparties to exchange
                    initial margin and variation margin for swap transactions that are not cleared
                    by derivatives clearing organizations. Such exchanges of margin are intended to
                    mitigate the risks resulting from a counterparty default.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.103" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.103</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Asset securitization</i>. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Asset
                        securitization</i> is the process of converting receivables and other
                    assets that are not readily marketable into securities that can be placed and
                    traded in capital markets. Assets that have been securitized include residential
                    mortgages; commercial mortgages; agency securities (including those of
                    Government National Mortgage Association [Ginnie Mae], Federal National Mortgage
                    Association [Fannie Mae], and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation
                    [Freddie Mac]); consumer receivables (credit card loans and home equity loans);
                    retail installment loans (automobile, recreational vehicle, and mobile home);
                    time-share mortgage loans; trade receivables; insurance-policy-related
                    receivables; leases (equipment, operating, and automobile); student loans;
                    high-yield corporate bonds; and federal assets.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.104" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.104</b> Securitization
                    transactions span a wide spectrum. At one extreme are outright sales of assets
                    or interests in assets. At the other extreme are borrowings collateralized by
                    assets. In between are sales of assets with varying degrees of recourse to the
                    seller and nonrecourse borrowings collateralized by assets. Asset-backed
                    securities may be issued through a variety of structures, including pay-through
                    securities; pass-through securities; and commercial paper with multiple classes,
                    differing degrees of subordination, and varying cash flow priorities. The
                    securities are often backed by some form of credit enhancement. Credit
                    enhancement can take the form of letters of credit, third-party guarantees,
                    liquidity facilities, spread accounts, reserve funds, subordinate interests, and
                    overcollateralization.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.105" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.105</b> In a typical
                    asset securitization transaction, an originator (transferor) transfers assets to
                    a special purpose entity (SPE), which may also be a variable interest entity
                    (VIE). Beneficial interests in the SPE are sold to investors and the proceeds
                    are used to pay the transferor for the assets transferred. The SPE or VIE might
                    be organized in such a way that the likelihood of its bankruptcy is remote and
                    that the transferred assets are protected from the estate of the transferor in
                    the event of its bankruptcy.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.106" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.106</b> One type of
                    asset securitization is a <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">collateralized mortgage
                        obligation</i>, a mortgage-backed bond that aggregates individual
                    mortgages or mortgage-backed securities into mortgage pools that are separated
                    into different maturity classes, called tranches. Each tranche has unique risk
                    characteristics for paying interest, paying principal, or retaining residual
                    ownership.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.107" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.107</b> Securitization
                    often allows the holder of assets to raise funds at a lower rate than the cost
                    of general obligation borrowings, free up capital through off-balance sheet
                    financing, reduce interest rate and credit risk, limit loss exposure, and gain
                    access to nontraditional funding sources.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.108" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.108</b> Mutual funds,
                    insurance companies, pension funds, banks, thrifts, retail investors, and
                    diverse other foreign and domestic investors participate in the mortgage- and
                    asset-backed securities market. New investment instruments, flexible payment
                    terms, investment-grade credit quality, various degrees of liquidity, and
                    reduced event risk are among the benefits offered by these securities. The
                    market risks affecting these securities include interest rate risk, prepayment
                    risk, and varying degrees of credit risk. Given the multitude of assets and the
                    complexity of securitization structures, an investor must understand both the
                    investment profile and the risks specific to each investment.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.109" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.109</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Credit derivatives. </i>
         <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Credit
                        derivative</i> refers to various instruments and techniques designed
                    to separate and then transfer credit risk, or the risk of an event of default of
                    a corporate or sovereign borrower, to an entity other than the lender or debt
                    holder. An unfunded credit derivative is one where credit protection is bought
                    and sold between bilateral counterparties without the buyer having to pay money
                    at any time during the life of the deal unless an event of default occurs.
                    Usually, these contracts are traded pursuant to an International Swaps Dealers
                    Association master agreement. Most credit derivatives of this sort are credit
                    default swaps. When the credit derivative is entered into by a financial
                    institution or a SPE and payments under the credit derivative are funded using
                    securitization techniques, such that a debt obligation is issued by the
                    financial institution or SPE to support these obligations, it is known as a
                    funded credit derivative.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.110" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.110</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">International trading</i>. A number of major
                    broker-dealers have the capabilities for executing purchase and sale orders in
                    securities traded abroad. The recent admission of U.S. broker-dealers to foreign
                    financial markets offers the possibility of 24-hour trading. In addition, many
                    foreign securities are traded by market makers in the United States. Many
                    broker-dealers trade equity securities in the form of American depository
                    receipts (ADRs). An <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ADR</i> is a registered
                    negotiable receipt for shares of a foreign corporation held in custody in the
                    foreign location. Some ADRs are listed on the NYSE, and many others trade in the
                    OTC market.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>