<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-6043804b-5d75-dd83-1727-fba21e40c3b8" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Receivables From and Payables to Broker-Dealers, Clearing
                    Organizations, and Others</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.64" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.64</b> Receivables from
                    broker-dealers, clearing organizations, and others may include amounts
                    receivable for securities failed to deliver; amounts receivable from clearing
                    organizations relating to open transactions, margin deposits used as performance
                    bonds for open trades, and good-faith funds on deposit regardless of activity;
                    and commissions and floor-brokerage receivables. Payables to broker-dealers and
                    clearing organizations include amounts payable for securities failed to receive,
                    certain deposits received for securities loaned, amounts payable to clearing
                    organizations on open transactions, and floor-brokerage payables. In addition,
                    the net receivable or payable arising from unsettled trades would be reflected
                    in either the receivable or payable line item on the statement of financial
                    condition.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.65" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.65</b> If a
                    broker-dealer clears transactions on behalf of correspondents, or has its
                    transactions cleared through other correspondents, there may be balances in the
                    omnibus accounts with one or more of the correspondents. Balances included in
                    this category may be shown separately on the statement of financial condition as
                    due from or due to correspondent brokers.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.66" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.66</b> If a
                    broker-dealer provides a trading platform for mutual fund shares, any trades
                    that are unsettled as of the date of the statement of financial condition should
                    be reported as receivables and payables for redemptions and purchases,
                    respectively. These balances may be listed as “Receivables from Mutual Funds” or
                    “Payable to Mutual Funds” on the statement of financial condition or combined
                    with another receivable line item, depending on the materiality of the
                    balances.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.67" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.67</b> A broker-dealer
                    that provides derivatives clearing services to its customers collects <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">initial margin</i> (IM), typically in cash or security
                    form, from its customers and remits such IM to the clearing house (CCP) or
                    segregates it at a custodian bank. IM generally serves as collateral posted by
                    the customer, through the broker-dealer clearing member, to establish a trading
                    relationship with the CCP. The CCP sets a minimum IM requirement for each listed
                    derivative position based upon the market risk of the derivative. The
                    broker-dealer clearing member may be further required (for example, under CFTC
                    Regulation 39.13) to collect IM from customers in an amount that is in excess of
                    the CCP minimum requirements. The broker-dealer clearing member also may, in its
                    discretion, impose additional IM requirements on a customer based on such
                    customer’s specific credit risk profile and current trading positions. This
                    additional amount may be adjusted periodically to reflect changes in those risk
                    attributes. IM is returned to the customer when trade positions are liquidated
                    with the CCP or when the customer terminates its trading the relationship and
                    closes its account.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.68" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.68</b> The
                    broker-dealer would assess various factors surrounding control and risk and
                    rewards over the assets and liabilities to determine whether the broker-dealer
                    clearing member may have to record on its balance sheet, the cash IM amount
                    received from the customer as a <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">due to
                        customer</i> (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">payable</i>) and the
                    cash IM amount remitted to the CCP or custodian bank as a due from <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">CCP/bank</i> (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">receivable</i>). These factors may include, but are not limited to,
                    whether (and to what degree) the broker-dealer clearing member</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">retains control over the cash IM (for example, retaining
                            transformation rights and making permitted investments with the cash
                            under CFTC Regulation 1.25), or</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">has a right to potential economic benefits earned from the customer’s
                            cash IM in excess of a market-based fee that is commensurate with the
                            clearing services it provides, (for example, earns yield on permitted
                            investments of the cash or does not pass through to customers the
                            interest received from [or fees assessed by] the CCPs or custodian
                            bank), or</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">has an obligation for potential economic costs (for example, foreign
                            exchange risk or payment of negative interest), or guarantees the CCP’s
                            or custodian bank’s performance to the customer and whether the cash IM
                            would be subject to customer protection and prioritization as customer
                            property in the event of the broker-dealer clearing member’s
                            bankruptcy.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Each broker-dealer clearing member will need to consider their individual
                    facts and circumstances and the factors considered to be relevant when
                    evaluating whether cash IM should be recorded on its balance sheet.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.69" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.69</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Fail-to-deliver</i>. According to FASB ASC 940-20-25-4,
                    a broker-dealer that sells securities, either for its own account or a
                    customer's account, but does not deliver the securities on the settlement date
                    should record the fail-to-deliver as an asset in the receivable due from
                    broker-dealers account. FASB ASC 940-20-30-1 states that a fail-to-deliver asset
                    should be measured initially at the selling price of the security, including any
                    accrued interest (for example, in the case of a fixed-income security).
                    Fail-to-deliver assets are collected upon delivery of the securities by the
                    selling broker-dealer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.70" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.70</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Fail-to-receive.</i> FASB ASC 940-20-25-5 notes that a
                    broker-dealer that purchases securities, either for its own account or a
                    customer's account, but does not receive the securities on the settlement date
                    should record the fail-to-receive as a liability to the selling broker-dealer.
                    FASB ASC 940-20-30-2 states that a fail-to-receive liability should be measured
                    initially at the purchase price of the security, including any accrued interest
                    in the case of a fixed-income security. Fail-to-receive liabilities are paid
                    when the securities are received by the purchasing broker-dealer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.71" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.71</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Clearing organizations receivables and payables.</i> As
                    described in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd1/aag-brd1.dita#UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87">chapter 1</xref>, "The Securities Industry," clearing organizations provide
                    efficient and orderly trade clearance and settlement services for which clearing
                    broker-dealers pay fees.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.72" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.72</b> All continuous
                    net settlement (CNS) transactions (see <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd1/aag-brd1.dita#UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87">chapter 1</xref> for a description of these transactions) are netted at
                    each clearing organization to one cash settlement position due to or due from
                    the broker-dealer. Therefore, if the contract amount of the securities to be
                    received (purchased) is greater than that to be delivered (sold), the clearing
                    broker-dealer records a payable to the clearing organization for the net
                    movement. In practice, many broker-dealers pay or receive payment for their
                    daily CNS balance at the end of each business day and therefore the outstanding
                    CNS receivable or payable as of the financial reporting period would be zero,
                    unless there were fails-to-deliver or fails-to-receive.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>