<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_UUID-65617d37-a196-f834-3ec3-7bc7947675f3" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Use of Service Organizations</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.14" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.14</b> Entities may use service organizations
                        (for example, asset managers) to initiate the purchase or sale of financial
                        instruments, maintain records of transactions for the entity, or value
                        financial instruments. Some entities may be dependent on these service
                        organizations to provide the basis of reporting for the financial
                        instruments held. However, if management does not have an understanding
                        about the controls in place at a service organization, the auditor may not
                        be able to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to rely on controls
                        at that service organization. AU-C section 402B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Audit Considerations Relating to an Entity Using a Service
                            Organization</i>, establishes requirements for the auditor to
                        obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence when an entity uses the
                        services of one or more service organizations. <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../aag-afi/aag-afi3/aag-afi3_determining_whether_the_service/aag-afi3_determining_whether_the_service.dita#UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_UUID-72ee4708-332f-c1c4-efb6-f7c78e7d7b5c/UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.40">Paragraphs 3.40–.54</xref> provide further guidance about the use of a
                        service organization.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.15" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.15</b> The use of service organizations may
                        strengthen or weaken the control environment for financial instruments. For
                        example, a service organization’s personnel may have more experience with
                        financial instruments than the entity’s management or more robust internal
                        control over financial reporting. The use of the service organization also
                        may allow for greater segregation of duties. On the other hand, the service
                        organization may have a poor control environment.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.16" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.16</b> <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../aag-afi/aag-afi_appB/aag-afi_appB.dita#UUID-772977e9-0ae2-840f-1653-ba2e0646e888">Appendix B</xref>, "Illustrative Questions About the Entity’s Controls
                        Over Its Financial Instrument Activities," of this guide provides an
                        illustration of questions that may be helpful to the auditor in obtaining an
                        understanding of an entity’s controls over its financial instrument
                        activities.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>