<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_UUID-c6d1eaf7-c387-2f31-15b0-7bbfa48a82d2" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">An Example of a Common Financial Instrument</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.42" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.42</b> The
                        following describes how models may be applied to value a common financial
                        instrument, known as an asset-backed security. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="6" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb-aag-afi1-fn6" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">An <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">asset-backed security</i> is a
                                financial instrument that is backed by a pool of underlying assets
                                (known as the collateral, such as credit card receivables or vehicle
                                loans) and that derives value and income from those underlying
                                assets.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi1_an_example_of_a.dita#UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_UUID-c6d1eaf7-c387-2f31-15b0-7bbfa48a82d2/UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb-aag-afi1-fn6"/>
         </ph> Because asset-backed securities are often valued based on level
                        2 or level 3 inputs, they are frequently valued using models and involve
                        understanding the</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">type of security, considering the underlying collateral and the
                                terms of the security. The underlying collateral is used to estimate
                                the timing and amounts of cash flows, such as mortgage or credit
                                card interest and principal payments.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">terms of the security. This includes evaluating contractual cash
                                flow rights, such as the order of repayment, and any default events.
                                The order of repayment, often known as seniority, refers to terms
                                that require that some classes of security holders (senior debt) are
                                repaid before others (subordinated debt). The rights of each class
                                of security holder to the cash flows, frequently referred to as the
                                cash flow "waterfall," together with assumptions of the timing and
                                amount of cash flows, are used to derive a set of estimated cash
                                flows for each class of security holder. The expected cash flows are
                                then discounted to derive an estimated fair value.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.43" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.43</b> The cash
                        flows of an asset-backed security may be affected by prepayments of the
                        underlying collateral and potential default risk and resulting estimated
                        loss reserves. Prepayment assumptions, if applicable, are generally based on
                        evaluating market interest rates for similar collateral to the rates on the
                        collateral underlying the security. For example, if market interest rates
                        for mortgages have declined, then the underlying mortgages in a security may
                        experience higher prepayment rates than originally expected. Estimating
                        potential default and loss reserve involves close evaluation of the
                        underlying collateral and borrowers to estimate default rates. For example,
                        when the underlying collateral comprises residential mortgages, loss
                        reserves may be affected by estimates of residential housing prices over the
                        term of the security.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>