<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-2b2da3c9-45df-baa6-aa94-089e4db19ec7" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Broker-Dealer Control and Monitoring Activities</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.36" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.36</b> Control and
                monitoring activities are generally present at various stages within business
                processes, and over the technology environment of a broker-dealer. Management uses
                such activities to evaluate findings against different criteria established by
                regulators, standard-setting bodies, or management and the board of directors. This
                guide discusses only those control and monitoring activities that are unique to
                broker-dealers. The absence of any of these specific control activities is not
                indicative of a deficiency in internal control; however, a deficiency in internal
                control may exist if the overall control objective is not met.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.37" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.37</b> The discussion of
                control and monitoring activities in this part of the chapter is from management's
                perspective. Management of all broker-dealers has a responsibility to establish and
                maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting and to comply with
                specific rules addressing financial responsibility and recordkeeping.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.38" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.38</b> Security
                transactions may be processed, recorded, and monitored by different departments
                within the broker-dealer. Even though this discussion addresses specific
                broker-dealer control and monitoring activities, the presentation is general in
                nature and does not necessarily reflect the actual operations or departments of
                every broker-dealer. Control and monitoring activities performed by persons with
                appropriate segregation of duties provides the strongest control environment.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.39" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.39</b> In many small
                introducing broker-dealers, individuals play several roles, including having
                conflicting duties that would ideally be segregated. Some mitigating factors may
                include</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the types of functions outsourced to third parties (for example,
                        securities clearance, back-office processing systems and software, customer
                        statement generation, financial reporting, Financial and Operations
                        Principal [FINOP] functions, and the like),</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the owners’ participation as management in the daily activities of the
                        broker-dealer,</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">a detailed review of financial performance compared to budget,</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">a detailed review of the general ledger by an individual independent of
                        recording transactions, and</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">having one individual responsible for recording transactions while another
                        individual independently receives bank and clearing broker statements that
                        are reconciled or compared to the general ledger.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>