<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_UUID-e33bd361-0c06-ab61-839a-9984e1c4ec58" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Fair Value Disclosures</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.62" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.62</b> FASB ASC
                    820-10-50 discusses the disclosures required for assets and liabilities measured
                    at fair value. As noted in FASB ASC 820-10-50-1, the reporting entity should
                    disclose information that would help users of its financial statements
                    understand and assess the following:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">For assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a
                            recurring or nonrecurring basis in the statement of financial position
                            after initial recognition, the valuation techniques and inputs used to
                            develop those measurements; and</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">For recurring fair value measurements using significant unobservable
                            inputs (Level 3), the effect of the measurements on earnings (or changes
                            in net assets) or other comprehensive income for the period.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">“Pending Content” in the FASB ASC indicates
                        that paragraph 1 of FASB ASC 820-10-50 is superseded by ASU No. 2018-13 and
                        paragraph 1C is added. FASB ASC 820-10-50-1C states that the objective of
                        the disclosure requirements in the overall subtopic of FASB ASC 820 is to
                        provide users of financial statements with information about assets and
                        liabilities measured at fair value in the statement of financial position or
                        disclosed in the notes to financial statements. The following items are
                        listed in FASB ASC 820-10-50-1C:</ph>
      </p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">The valuation techniques and inputs
                                that a reporting entity uses to arrive at its measures of fair
                                value, including judgments and assumptions that the entity
                                makes</ph>
            </p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">The uncertainty in the fair value
                                measurements as of the reporting date</ph>
            </p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">How changes in fair value measurements
                                affect an entity’s performance and cash flows.</ph>
            </p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.63" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.63</b> To meet the
                    objectives noted in the preceding paragraph, FASB ASC 820-10-50-1A states that a
                    reporting entity should consider all of the following:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The level of detail necessary to satisfy the disclosure
                            requirements</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">How much emphasis to place on each of the various requirements</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">How much aggregation or disaggregation to undertake</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Whether users of financial statements need additional information to
                            evaluate the quantitative information disclosed</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p class="- topic/p ">If the disclosures set forth in the guidance are insufficient to meet the
                    objectives in the preceding paragraph, a reporting entity should disclose
                    additional information necessary to meet those objectives.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">“Pending Content” in the FASB ASC indicates
                        that paragraph 1A of FASB ASC 820-10-50 is superseded by ASU No. 2018-13 and
                        the content is amended and moved to paragraph 1D. FASB ASC 820-10-50-1D
                        states that a reporting entity should consider all of the following items
                        when complying with the disclosure requirements in the overall subtopic of
                        FASB ASC 820. </ph>
      </p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">The level of detail necessary to
                                satisfy the disclosure requirements </ph>
            </p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">How much emphasis to place on each of
                                the various requirements </ph>
            </p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">How much aggregation or disaggregation
                                to undertake </ph>
            </p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">Whether users of financial statements
                                need additional information to evaluate the quantitative information
                                disclosed.</ph>
            </p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.64" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.64</b> The required
                    disclosures related to fair value are extensive and detailed. FASB ASC 820-10-50
                    provides details of the information that should be disclosed by the reporting
                    entity. FASB ASC 820-10-50 also provides information on other required
                    disclosures related to fair value. Paragraphs 99–107 of FASB ASC 820-10-55
                    provide illustrative disclosures about fair value measurements.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>