<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-30415c51-ecd2-fc4a-572b-1d20896dac83" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Related Party Disclosures</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393231575574" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.152</b> FASB ASC 850-10 provides guidance
                    when related party transactions exist and should be disclosed. Examples of
                    related parties are</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">affiliates of the entity;</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">entities for which investments in their equity securities would be
                            required, absent the election of the fair value option under FASB ASC
                            825-10-15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing
                            entity;</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">trusts for the benefit of employees, such as pension and
                            profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of
                            the entity's management;</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">principal owners or members of their immediate families;</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">management of the entity and members of their immediate
                            families;</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">other parties that can significantly influence the management or
                            operating policies of the transacting parties or that have an ownership
                            interest in one of the transacting parties and can significantly
                            influence the other to an extent that one or more of the transacting
                            parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate
                            interests; and</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">entities for which investments in their equity securities would be
                            required, absent the election of the fair value option under FASB ASC
                            825-10-15, to be accounted for by the equity method by the investing
                            entity.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">executive officers (as defined by Schedule A of Form BD), such as
                            broker’s or dealer’s chief executive officer, chief financial officer,
                            chief operations officer, chief legal officer, chief compliance officer,
                            director, and individuals with similar status or functions.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393231582822" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.153</b> Transactions between related parties
                    commonly occur in the normal course of business. Transactions between related
                    parties are considered to be related party transactions even though they may not
                    be given accounting recognition. For example, an entity may receive services
                    from a related party without charge and would not record receipt of the services
                    as an expense or payable. However, in accordance with paragraphs 4–5 of FASB ASC
                    850-10-05, disclosure of these transactions is required. Examples of common
                    transactions with related parties are</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">sales, purchases, and transfers of real and personal property;</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">services received or furnished, such as accounting, management,
                            engineering, and legal services;</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">use of property and equipment by lease or otherwise;</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">borrowings, lendings, and guarantees;</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">maintenance of compensating bank balances for the benefit of a related
                            party;</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">intra-entity billings based on allocations of common costs; and</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">filings of consolidated tax returns.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393231592960" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.154</b> In accordance with FASB ASC 850,
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Related Party Disclosures</i>, the financial
                    statements should include disclosures of material related party transactions,
                    other than compensation arrangements, expense allowances, and other similar
                    items in the ordinary course of business. In some cases, aggregation of similar
                    transactions by type of related party may be appropriate. However, disclosure of
                    transactions that are eliminated in the preparation of consolidated or combined
                    financial statements is not required in those statements. The disclosures should
                    include</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the nature of the relationship(s) involved;</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">a description of the transactions, including transactions to which no
                            amounts or nominal amounts were ascribed, for each of the periods for
                            which income statements are presented, and such other information deemed
                            necessary to an understanding of the effects of the transactions on the
                            financial statements;</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the dollar amounts of transactions for each of the periods for which
                            income statements are presented and the effects of any change in the
                            method of establishing the terms from that used in the preceding
                            period;</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">amounts due from or to related parties as of the date of each balance
                            sheet presented and, if not otherwise apparent, the terms and manner of
                            settlement; and</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the information required by FASB ASC 740-10-50-17 for an entity that
                            is a member of a group that files a consolidated tax return. When group
                            members are entities not subject to tax and are disregarded by the
                            taxing authority, they may elect to include allocated amounts of current
                            and deferred tax expense in their separately issued financial
                            statements. In such cases, the guidance in FASB ASC 740-10-50-17A should
                            be followed.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393231600762" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.155</b> In addition, notes or receivables
                    from officers, employees, or affiliated entities, should be shown separately and
                    not included under a general heading such as notes receivable or accounts
                    receivable.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393231608568" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.156</b> It may be appropriate to aggregate
                    similar transactions by type of related party, such as when the effect of the
                    relationship between the parties may be so pervasive that disclosure of the
                    relationship alone will be sufficient. The name of the related party should be
                    disclosed if it is necessary to understanding the relationship between the party
                    and the broker-dealer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393231615040" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.157</b> Paragraph 5 of FASB ASC 850-10-50
                    states that transactions involving related parties cannot be presumed to be
                    carried out on an arm’s-length basis, as the requisite conditions of
                    competitive, free-market dealings may not exist. Representations about
                    transactions with related parties, if made, should not imply that the related
                    party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in
                    arm’s-length transactions unless such representations can be substantiated. FASB
                    ASC 850-10-50 also discusses additional considerations regarding related
                    parties, including the arm’s-length bases of transactions and control
                    relationship.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>