<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Chapter 1 — The Securities Industry</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">The Securities Industry <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="1" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-aag-brd1-fn1" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank
                    Act), passed in July 2010, set in motion a multiyear rulemaking process that
                    changes the structure of federal financial regulation and institutes new
                    requirements for a number of industries and market participants. Rulemaking
                    continues in a number of areas. Upon full implementation of its provisions, the
                    act will have a significant impact on the securities industry. In February 2017,
                    President Trump signed an executive order that set in motion a plan to scale
                    back some of the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act; in May 2018, the president
                    signed a bill, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection
                    Act, that further scaled back some of the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act.
                    Readers should be alert for further developments.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd1.dita#UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87/UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-aag-brd1-fn1"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.01" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.01</b> The securities industry
            plays an important role in the growth of global business by providing accessible markets
            for initial and secondary offerings, as well as subsequent purchases and sales of
            securities. Investments have broadened public access to securities investing and
            enhanced the diversity of financial products. Through efficient financial markets, the
            industry makes it possible for business entities and governmental agencies that need to
            raise capital to connect with investors who have funds to invest.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.02" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.02</b> The securities industry
            has accomplished its role through a variety of financial products, services, and
            institutions. Capital formation is achieved through public offerings, private
            placements, asset securitization, and merchant banking activities. Efficient secondary
            markets are maintained when securities firms act as agents for customers' securities
            transactions, trading, and arbitrage activities through a broker and dealer's
            (broker-dealer's) own accounts, market-making, and designated market maker (formerly
            known as specialist) activities. The securities industry also aids the risk mitigation
            process through a variety of transactions, products (such as futures, forwards, swaps,
            and options), and techniques.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.03" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.03</b> Many different
            institutions facilitate the processing of the products and providing of services. The
            following are some of the key types of institutions the securities industry
            comprises:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Broker-dealers</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The financial markets (exchange markets and over-the-counter [OTC]
                    markets)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Clearing organizations and depositories</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Transfer agents and registrars</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Qualified custodians</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Regulatory agencies</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>