<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-fbf7467f-5f6a-787c-a7eb-fd94c63351fd" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">SEC Rule 17Ad-17, "Lost Securityholders and Unresponsive
                    Payees"</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.88" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.88</b> SEC Rule 17Ad-17
                    was originally issued in 1997 to address situations in which recordkeeping
                    transfer agents have lost contact with securityholders. The rule requires such
                    transfer agents to exercise reasonable care to obtain the correct addresses of
                    these "lost securityholders" and to conduct certain database searches to locate
                    them. At that time, the SEC noted that such loss of contact can be harmful to
                    securityholders because they no longer receive corporate communications or the
                    interest and dividend payments to which they may be entitled. Additionally, the
                    securities and any related interest and dividend payments to which the
                    securityholders may be entitled are often placed at risk of being deemed
                    abandoned under operation of state escheatment laws. This loss of contact most
                    frequently results from (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>) failure of a
                    securityholder to notify the transfer agent of their correct address after
                    relocating; or (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>) failure of the estate of a
                    deceased securityholder to notify the transfer agent of the death of the
                    securityholder and the name and address of the trustee or administrator for the
                    estate.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.89" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.89</b> The Dodd-Frank
                    Act added a requirement for the SEC to revise Rule 17Ad-17 to extend to brokers
                    and dealers the rule’s requirement that recordkeeping transfer agents search for
                    "lost securityholders," as defined in SEC Rule 17Ad-17(b)(2). To comply with
                    this requirement, the SEC issued Release No. 34-68668 in January 2013. SEC Rule
                    17Ad-17(a)(1) requires that every broker or dealer that has customer security
                    accounts that include accounts of lost securityholders should exercise
                    reasonable care to ascertain the correct addresses of such securityholders. To
                    meet this requirement, the broker or dealer should conduct two database searches
                    using at least one information database service. The search should be conducted
                    using the taxpayer identification number or name, if a search based on the
                    taxpayer identification number is not reasonably likely to locate the
                    securityholder. Such database searches must be conducted without charge to a
                    lost securityholder and with the following frequency:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Between 3 and 12 months of such securityholder becoming a lost
                            securityholder</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Between 6 and 12 months after the first search for such lost
                            securityholder</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.90" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.90</b> SEC Rule
                    17Ad-17(a)(2) states that a transfer agent, broker, or dealer may not use a
                    search method or service to establish contact with lost securityholders that
                    results in a charge to a lost securityholder prior to completing the searches
                    set forth in SEC Rule 17Ad-17(a)(1).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.91" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.91</b> SEC Rule
                    17Ad-17(a)(3) outlines the circumstances in which a transfer agent, broker, or
                    dealer is not required to conduct the searches set forth in SEC Rule
                    17Ad-17(a)(1).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.92" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.92</b> SEC Rule
                    17Ad-17(c) discusses the requirements for brokers or dealers when a
                    securityholder is an "unresponsive payee." A securityholder should be considered
                    an unresponsive payee if a check is sent from the paying agent to the
                    securityholder and the check is not negotiated before the earlier of the paying
                    agent's sending of the next regularly scheduled check or the elapsing of 6
                    months (or 180 days) after the sending of the original nonnegotiated check. A
                    securityholder should no longer be considered an unresponsive payee when the
                    securityholder negotiates the check or checks that caused the securityholder to
                    be considered an unresponsive payee.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.93" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.93</b> In accordance
                    with SEC Rule 17Ad-17(c)(1), the paying agent must provide a single written
                    notification to each unresponsive payee no later than seven months (or 210 days)
                    after the sending of any not yet negotiated check to inform the unresponsive
                    payee that a check was sent and that it has not yet been negotiated. SEC Rule
                    17Ad-17 also (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>) provides an exclusion for
                    paying agents from the notification requirements when the value of the not yet
                    negotiated check is less than $25; and (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>)
                    adds a provision to make clear that the notification requirements imposed on
                    paying agents shall have no effect on state escheatment laws.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>