<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-36b93069-418f-360e-617e-fd22a8bcb986_UUID-e0634e46-bcb7-b516-3ec6-56778c52cf8c" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Effective Date</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Issues 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5: Conforming
                            amendments.</i> The amendments related to issues 1, 2, 4, and 5
                        are conforming amendments. For public business entities, the amendments are
                        effective upon issuance of this ASU. For all other entities, the amendments
                        are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, and
                        interim periods within those fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020.
                        Early application is permitted.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">The amendment related to issue 3 is a conforming amendment that affects
                        the guidance in the amendments in ASU No. 2019-04. That guidance relates to
                        the amendments in ASU No. 2016-01. The effective date of ASU No. 2019-04 for
                        the amendments to ASU No. 2016-01 is for fiscal years beginning after
                        December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal
                        years.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Issues 6 and 7: Amendments to ASU No.
                            2016-13</i>. The amendments related to issues 6 and 7 affect the
                        guidance in the amendments in ASU No. 2016-13. The effective date of ASU No.
                        2016-13 varies depending on the type of entity. For entities that have not
                        yet adopted the guidance in ASU No. 2016-13, the effective dates and the
                        transition requirements for these amendments are the same as the effective
                        date and transition requirements in ASU No. 2016-13.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">For entities that have adopted the guidance in ASU No. 2016-13, the
                        amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019,
                        including interim periods within those fiscal years.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>