<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-4c354320-bfe8-21d8-ab24-7babc3f57fd1" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Settlement</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.71" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.71</b> Active
                    securities are those used by the broker-dealer to carry out its daily business
                    and are most typically located in depositories, such as the DTCC, that maintain
                    book entry systems. Active securities include the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Customers' securities not yet paid for</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Securities purchased by customers on margin that collateralize funds
                            advanced by the broker-dealer against the purchase price</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Securities owned by the broker-dealer</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.72" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.72</b> Any active
                    securities maintained on the broker-dealer's premises are referred to as being
                    “in the box.”</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.73" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.73</b> A clearing
                    organization delivers securities by transferring securities on deposit at a
                    depository such as the DTCC. The selling (delivering) broker-dealer or clearing
                    organization delivers instructions electronically to the depository to transfer
                    the securities by book entry rather than physical movement. This is known
                        as<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i "> clearing through book entry</i>.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.74" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.74</b> Money is paid or
                    received daily by the broker-dealer so that the money balance in the account
                    approximates the net market value of the open security positions. Included in
                    the transmittal to the clearing organization are credit lists showing the total
                    dollar amounts due from each of the purchasing broker-dealers.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.75" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.75</b> The cashier’s
                    department is responsible for receipts and deliveries of securities and money;
                    the money balance due to or from the clearing organization or the depository is
                    reconciled by the cashier’s department with the firm's records daily. After this
                    is accomplished, a check, draft, or other payment method is used to facilitate
                    net money settlement with the respective clearing organization.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.76" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.76</b> Although most
                    securities are held in book entry form, the procedures used in the handling of
                    physical securities are described in the following paragraphs. Procedures
                    performed relating to such settlement of transactions usually begin on the day
                    prior to the settlement date with the receipt of blotters of trades scheduled to
                    be settled the next business day. Accompanying the blotters are receive and
                    deliver tickets for transactions to be settled directly with other
                    broker-dealers and transactions to be settled through the clearing organization.
                    Physical securities are delivered to the clearing organization with the delivery
                    tickets attached on the settlement date.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.77" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.77</b> Physical
                    securities received from a selling broker-dealer are counted, verified, matched
                    with the receive ticket, and determined to be in negotiable form. If the
                    delivery is good, a copy of the deliver ticket is authorized for payment, and
                    payment is made.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.78" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.78</b> For deliveries
                    to be made directly to other broker-dealers, blotters are examined, and requests
                    for the securities needed for delivery are made, usually on the business day
                    before the settlement date. If the securities are not available after all
                    receipts on the day before settlement, the needed security may be borrowed, in
                    which case the stock loan department would be requested to borrow the securities
                    from another broker-dealer. If the securities are on hand, the securities are
                    removed from the box, checked for proper negotiability, and delivered to the
                    purchasing broker-dealer. If the delivery matches the purchasing broker-dealer's
                    receive instructions, the selling broker-dealer receives payment.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.79" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.79</b> Payment received
                    by the selling broker-dealer is verified for propriety and entered into the cash
                    receipts records. If the purchasing broker-dealer's instructions do not agree
                    with the delivery attempted, the purchasing broker-dealer will DK (don't know)
                    the delivery, which means the broker-dealer does not know the delivery. If the
                    discrepancy is not corrected by the end of the day, the transaction represents a
                    fail-to-receive for the purchasing broker-dealer and a fail-to-deliver for the
                    selling broker-dealer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.80" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.80</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Fail-to-receive or fail-to-deliver</i>. As noted in the
                    FASB ASC Master Glossary, a <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">fail-to-receive</i>
                    is a securities purchase from another broker-dealer not received from the
                    selling broker-dealer by the close of business on the settlement date. As
                    explained in FASB ASC 940-20-25-5, it is recorded as a liability to the selling
                    broker-dealer in the general ledger. As per industry practice, a corresponding
                    entry is recorded for a short position on the stock record.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.81" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.81</b> As noted in the
                    FASB ASC Master Glossary, a <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">fail-to-deliver</i>
                    is a securities sale to another broker-dealer that has not been delivered to the
                    buying broker-dealer by the close of business on the settlement date. As
                    explained in FASB ASC 940-20-25-4, it is recorded as an asset in the receivable
                    account due from broker-dealers. As per industry practice, a corresponding entry
                    is recorded for a long position on the stock record.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.82" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.82</b> Most
                    broker-dealers have automatic fail systems that generate pending files
                    containing all unsettled securities after the trade date. As securities are
                    settled, they are removed from the pending files. Any unsettled trades remaining
                    on the day following the settlement date are transferred to fail files. Blotters
                    of all open fails are forwarded to the cashier’s department daily to be
                    controlled and monitored.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.83" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.83</b> Fails are
                    forwarded for entry to the stock record (securities) and general ledger (money).
                    Normally, an updated file of open fails is produced daily. When a fail is
                    cleared (securities having been either received or delivered versus payment),
                    the date of the clearance is noted, and the fail position is cleared from the
                    broker-dealer's records. A non-CNS fail-to-receive position may require the
                    broker-dealer to buy in (see the <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd_glossary/aag-brd_glossary.dita#UUID-0041c01e-5bb9-2ff6-384e-c62c6f9a997b">glossary</xref> of this guide) the security if the fail is outstanding
                    longer than the period specified by SEC Rule 15c3-3.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.84" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.84</b> Broker-dealers
                    generally record fail-to-receive transactions separately from fail-to-deliver
                    transactions for each broker-dealer with whom they execute transactions. The
                    cashier’s department is responsible for resolving fails as quickly as possible
                    because of the market risk exposure and financing implications involved.
                    Broker-dealers continuously monitor their fail exposure by contract and
                    counterparty. A broker-dealer has exposure if the contract value exceeds the
                    market value for a fail-to-deliver or if the contract value is less than the
                    market value for a fail-to-receive. Broker-dealers mark their fail positions to
                    market to determine their exposure and calculate any net capital charges
                    pursuant to SEC Rule 15c3-1. In addition to its market risk exposure, a
                    broker-dealer is concerned with securities in its possession that it has failed
                    to deliver because it must then finance its receivables by other means, such as
                    bank loans.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.85" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.85</b> Broker-dealers
                    clearing transactions through correspondent brokers maintain fail-to-receive and
                    fail-to-deliver records only for transactions that are self-cleared through U.S.
                    correspondent broker-dealers. For transactions with foreign correspondent
                    brokers, a broker-dealer is required to maintain fail records until notified by
                    the foreign correspondent that the transaction has cleared.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.86" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.86</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Depositories</i>. Depositories provide physical custody
                    and transfer of certain securities, as well as the settlement of securities
                    transactions between broker-dealers without the physical movement of securities.
                    Securities held by depositories may be pledged to banks as collateral for loans
                    without the physical transfer of the securities to the banks.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.87" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.87</b> Each depository
                    prepares daily reports for member broker-dealers, indicating activity by
                    security, the money balance on deposit, and a statement of the balance of all
                    security positions. Broker-dealers have the responsibility of indicating in
                    their records whether the securities held at a depository are available for
                    clearance and financing activities (that is, as collateral for bank loans) or
                    should be reduced to possession or control, as required by SEC Rule 15c3-3. The
                    status of such securities may be indicated on a stock record or in separate
                    records supporting the total stock record position shown for a
                    depository.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>