<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_UUID-63d4481d-de42-8941-6c57-fc538fdcf9e6" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Description of the Entity</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_aag-afi11.23" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">11.23</b> Austin-Jhanes
                    is a U.S. manufacturer that sells its products both domestically and outside the
                    United States. Its foreign sales are denominated in foreign currencies, although
                    its functional currency is the U.S. dollar.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_aag-afi11.24" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">11.24</b> The entity
                    uses derivatives regularly to hedge forecasted foreign currency-denominated
                    sales and purchases of raw materials. Derivatives are used to a lesser extent
                    for management of U.S. interest rate risk (for example, converting fixed-rate
                    debt to floating debt using interest rate swaps). (For purposes of this case
                    study, only the accounting for the hedging of a forecasted foreign
                    currency-denominated sale is illustrated.) Derivatives are not used for
                    investment purposes.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_aag-afi11.25" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">11.25</b> The board of
                    directors has authorized management of Austin-Jhanes to enter into derivatives
                    for hedging purposes, and the board receives periodic reports on the intent of
                    usage, as well as hedge effectiveness.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_aag-afi11.26" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">11.26</b> All
                    derivatives transactions are executed through a centralized group of traders
                    that reports to the CFO. The traders and CFO are very knowledgeable about
                    derivatives. There is a formal risk management process for derivatives.
                    Austin-Jhanes has systems in place to monitor the risks being hedged, as well as
                    the ongoing effectiveness of the hedges. The trading desk executes derivatives
                    transactions only with counterparties that have been approved after careful
                    assessment of creditworthiness. There are limits on the credit exposure to any
                    one counterparty and the extent to which derivatives can be used to hedge a
                    given exposure.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_aag-afi11.27" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">11.27</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Control environment</i>. Because of senior management’s
                    integrity and ethical values, its commitment to competence, its active
                    involvement with the business, its philosophy and operating style, and the
                    operating structure it has imposed, Austin-Jhanes’ overall control environment
                    is sound.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_aag-afi11.28" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">11.28</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Risk assessment</i>. Austin-Jhanes’ CFO conducts weekly
                    meetings with the derivatives traders to discuss the financial markets generally
                    and to assess the entity’s position in derivatives, including ongoing hedge
                    effectiveness. This discussion includes an assessment of the valuation of the
                    derivatives, as well as the hedged exposures, with particular emphasis on
                    derivatives and exposures that are not exchange traded or are traded in a broad
                    interbank market. Sales forecasts, significant forecasted transactions, and
                    other issues also are discussed in order to plan for required upcoming hedging
                    activities. The use of new types of derivatives or the execution of transactions
                    with new counterparties must be discussed with, and approved by, the CFO.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_aag-afi11.29" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">11.29</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Control activities</i>. Control activities include,
                    among other things, the following:</p>
      <ul class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Controls have been implemented with respect to control objectives
                            of</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">completeness of records.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">validity of records.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">restricted access to assets.</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Segregation of the accounting function from trade authorization and
                            execution. The accounting department is responsible for cash and
                            derivatives position reconciliations between the accounting and trading
                            records and broker or counterparty statements. Quarterly, the controller
                            reviews hedging activities for compliance with the requirements of FASB
                            ASC 815, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Derivatives and
                            Hedging</i>.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Data files with such information as counterparty limits are maintained
                            apart from the traders. The CFO authorizes any changes to these
                            files.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Austin-Jhanes’ derivatives trading system has an automated interface
                            with the general ledger and updates the general ledger monthly.
                            Movements of cash associated with derivatives transactions are
                            authorized and executed by the treasurer’s department, which is separate
                            from the derivatives trading group.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Austin-Jhanes’ derivatives trading, sales, accounting, and other
                            transaction processing activities are highly automated. There are
                            effective general computer controls at the data centers that process the
                            entity’s transactions and other information.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_aag-afi11.30" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">11.30</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Information and communication</i>. The CFO and
                    controller receive monthly reports summarizing derivatives transactions for the
                    period and the positions at the end of the month. (See the discussion of
                    monitoring controls for descriptions of this and other reports.)</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_aag-afi11.31" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">11.31</b> The CFO
                    advises the audit committee at its quarterly meetings on the status of the
                    entity’s derivatives positions, realized and unrealized gains, compliance with
                    Austin-Jhanes’ derivatives policy, and any other information that would be
                    useful for the audit committee in carrying out its responsibilities.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_aag-afi11.32" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">11.32</b> The notes to
                    the entity’s financial statements contain a description of the entity’s
                    accounting policy for derivatives and other information required by the
                    applicable financial reporting framework.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_aag-afi11.33" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">11.33</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Monitoring</i>. The CFO and controller perform monthly
                    reviews of Austin-Jhanes’ performance in using derivatives, including their
                    effectiveness, and, in the case of hedges of forecasted transactions, whether
                    the forecasted transaction continues to meet the requirements for hedge
                    accounting.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_aag-afi11.34" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">11.34</b> The CFO and
                    controller receive monthly reports that provide information that enables them to
                    identify any material breakdowns in controls, problems with the underlying
                    systems, or possible material misstatements in the information. The reports
                    include</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">realized and unrealized gain or loss on derivatives and hedged
                            exposures, as well as a statistical measurement of correlation of
                            changes in their values.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">transaction volumes and trends.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">derivatives positions by exchange; counterpart; or type of instrument,
                            with a comparison with established limits. The CFO receives notification
                            as limits are approached. The system does not allow limits to be
                            exceeded without the CFO’s approval.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">information on various reconciliations, including an aging of
                            reconciling items and resolution status.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>