<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709_UUID-17e31e2c-ffd7-9b8c-87d1-1551e15d08d1" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">About AICPA Audit Guides</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">This AICPA Audit Guide has been developed by the AICPA publications team to assist
                practitioners in performing and reporting on their audit engagements.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">An AICPA guide containing auditing guidance related to generally accepted auditing
                standards (GAAS) is recognized as an interpretive publication, as defined in AU-C
                section 200B, <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="1" id="UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709-aag-afi-preface-fn1" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Each AU-C section in this guide designated with a “B” suffix (for example,
                        “AU-C section 200B”) denotes content that does not reflect the codification
                        of SAS Nos. 134–140 or the amendments to other SASs made by SAS Nos. 134–140
                        and subsequently issued SASs.</p>
               <p class="- topic/p ">    All AU-C sections can be found in AICPA <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps.dita#UUID-31e5d376-7dc9-0bde-c2d8-e38aa3d16588">
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Professional Standards</i>
                  </xref>.
                            <unknown id="UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709_N661754ff5953e" class="- topic/unknown ">AICPA Professional Standards</unknown>
               </p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi_preface_about_aicpa_audit_guides.dita#UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709_UUID-17e31e2c-ffd7-9b8c-87d1-1551e15d08d1/UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709-aag-afi-preface-fn1"/>
         </ph>
         <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Overall Objectives of the Independent Auditor and
                    the Conduct of an Audit in Accordance With Generally Accepted Auditing
                    Standards</i>. Interpretive publications are recommendations on the
                application of GAAS in specific circumstances, including engagements for entities in
                specialized industries.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Interpretive publications are issued under the authority of the AICPA Auditing
                Standards Board (ASB) after all ASB members have been provided an opportunity to
                consider and comment on whether the proposed interpretive publication is consistent
                with GAAS. The members of the ASB have found the auditing guidance in this guide to
                be consistent with existing GAAS.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Although interpretive publications are not auditing standards, AU-C section 200B
                requires the auditor to consider applicable interpretive publications in planning
                and performing the audit because interpretive publications are relevant to the
                proper application of GAAS in specific circumstances. If the auditor does not apply
                the auditing guidance in an applicable interpretive publication, the auditor should
                document how the requirements of GAAS were complied with in the circumstances
                addressed by such auditing guidance.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Throughout this guide, when appropriate, reference is made to Technical Questions
                and Answers, which are considered other auditing publications. AU-C section 200B
                indicates that in applying the auditing guidance included in an other auditing
                publication, the auditor should, exercising professional judgment, assess the
                relevance and appropriateness of such guidance to the circumstances of the audit.
                Other auditing publications have no authoritative status; however, they may help the
                auditor understand and apply GAAS. The auditor is not expected to be aware of the
                full body of other auditing publications. Although the auditor determines the
                relevance of these publications in accordance with paragraph .28 of AU-C section
                200B, the auditor may presume that other auditing publications published by the
                AICPA that have been reviewed by the AICPA Audit and Attest Standards staff are
                appropriate. These other auditing publications are listed in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps/ad_us_auditing_standards_aicpa_clarified/ad_appendixes/ad_appendix_f/ad_appendix_f.dita#UUID-c25a2b55-fa31-ca39-c3b5-b5a6ba2b1419">AU-C appendix F</xref>, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Other Auditing
                    Publications</i>. <unknown id="UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709_N661754ff5b9a3" class="- topic/unknown ">AU-C Appendix F</unknown>
      </p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">The ASB is the designated senior committee of the AICPA authorized to speak for
                the AICPA on all matters related to auditing. Conforming changes made to the
                auditing guidance contained in this guide are approved by the ASB chair (or his or
                her designee) and the director of the AICPA Audit and Attest Standards staff.
                Updates made to the auditing guidance in this guide exceeding that of conforming
                changes are issued after all ASB members have been provided an opportunity to
                consider and comment on whether the guide is consistent with existing GAAS.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">AICPA Guides may include certain content presented as “supplement”, “appendix”, or
                “exhibit.” A supplement is a reproduction, in whole or in part, of authoritative
                guidance originally issued by a standard-setting body (including regulatory bodies)
                and applicable to entities or engagements within the purview of that standard
                setter, independent of the authoritative status of the applicable AICPA Guide. Both
                appendixes and exhibits are included for informational purposes and have no
                authoritative status.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Any auditing guidance in a guide appendix or exhibit (whether chapter or back
                matter appendix or exhibit), though not authoritative, is considered an “other
                auditing publication.” In applying such guidance, the auditor should, exercising
                professional judgment, assess the relevance and appropriateness of such guidance to
                the circumstances of the audit. Although the auditor determines the relevance of
                other auditing guidance, auditing guidance in a guide appendix or exhibit has been
                reviewed by the AICPA Audit and Attest Standards staff and the auditor may presume
                that it is appropriate.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>