<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-66c7f4bd-336a-246b-4757-1a5f767f2bc9" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Regulatory Overview</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.61" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.61</b> Regulatory
                environments differ from country to country, and the freedom of entry into the
                marketplace likewise varies depending on local regulation. In the United States, the
                1934 Act provides for the regulation of securities transactions after the securities
                are initially distributed to public investors in an underwriting. The 1934 Act
                established the SEC that, among other things, is authorized to promulgate and
                enforce rules governing the regulation of broker-dealers in securities. The SEC
                developed, pursuant to the 1934 Act, a comprehensive system to regulate
                broker-dealers. Under the 1934 Act, all broker-dealers are required to be members of
                self-regulatory organizations, such as FINRA, which performs routine surveillance
                and monitoring of its members. A similar regulatory framework was established for
                commodity broker-dealers (that is, futures commission merchants) under the Commodity
                Futures Trading Commission Act of 1974, which established the CFTC and gave it
                exclusive jurisdiction over commodity futures matters. The Commodity Futures
                Modernization Act of 2000 (CFMA) authorized joint regulation by the CFTC and the SEC
                of security futures products on individual equity issues and on narrow-based indexes
                of securities. The CFMA created a flexible structure for the regulation of futures
                trading, codified an agreement between the CFTC and the SEC to repeal the ban on
                trading single-stock futures, and provided legal certainty for OTC derivatives
                markets. The CFMA amended the definition of <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">security</i> in the 1933 Act and the definitions of <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">security</i> and <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">equity
                    security</i> in the 1934 Act to include a security future. In April 2002,
                the SEC amended the definition of <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">equity security</i>
                in rules under the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act to conform them to the statutory
                definitions with respect to security futures. The CFTC also authorized the creation
                of registered futures associations, giving the futures industry the opportunity to
                create a nationwide, self-regulatory organization. The National Futures Association
                (NFA), which began operations in 1982, is the self-regulatory organization for the
                U.S. derivatives industry, including exchange-traded futures, retail off-exchange
                foreign currency, and OTC derivatives.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.62" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.62</b> Since its adoption,
                the 1934 Act has been amended to include virtually all participants in the
                securities markets and an ever-increasing range of securities-related activities.
                Originally, the scope of the 1934 Act was limited to the regulation of exchanges,
                members of exchanges, and trading in securities listed on exchanges. The Maloney Act
                of 1938 amended the 1934 Act to cover OTC markets. The Maloney Act of 1938 also
                established the National Association of Securities Dealers (NASD) (that was
                subsequently consolidated with NYSE Regulation, Inc. into a single self-regulatory
                organization, FINRA), which is an independent, nongovernmental regulator for all
                securities firms doing business with the public in the United States.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.63" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.63</b> In 1975, the 1934
                Act was amended to extend the authority of the SEC to include securities transfer
                agents, clearing organizations, and securities depositories. This amendment also
                established the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board that was authorized to
                prescribe rules regulating the activities of municipal securities broker-dealers. In
                1986, the 1934 Act was amended by the Government Securities Act of 1986 to require
                U.S. government securities broker-dealers to register with the SEC. Under the
                Government Securities Act of 1986, the SEC has authority to enforce rules
                promulgated by the Department of the Treasury concerning U.S. government securities
                broker-dealers. Thus, the 1934 Act today provides a comprehensive scheme of
                regulation for virtually all broker-dealers in securities, exchanges, and OTC
                markets, as well as the facilities for clearing and settling transactions among
                broker-dealers, depositories, transfer agents, and registrars.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.64" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.64</b> The Securities
                Investors Protection Corporation (SIPC) was established when Congress enacted the
                Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970 (SIPA). SIPC is a nonprofit membership
                corporation designed to protect, up to a specific maximum amount, customers' cash
                and securities in the custody of a broker-dealer that fails and is liquidated under
                SIPA. Broker-dealers registered with the SEC, with some limited exceptions, are
                required to be members of SIPC. The money required to protect customers beyond that
                which is available from the customer property in the possession of the failed
                broker-dealer is advanced by SIPC from a fund maintained for that purpose. The
                sources of money for this fund are assessments collected from SIPC members and
                interest on the fund's investments in U.S. government securities made with the funds
                collected. See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../aag-brd/aag-brd3/aag-brd3.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2">chapter 3</xref> for more information on the SIPC assessment and related
                reporting.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>