<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-6d29dee1-6260-ece7-3a6b-6170ed4f459d" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Monitoring</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6d29dee1-6260-ece7-3a6b-6170ed4f459d_pra-sqcs_1.16" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.16</b> The purpose of the
                monitoring element of a system of quality control is to provide the firm and its
                engagement partners with reasonable assurance that the policies and procedures
                related to the system of quality control are relevant, adequate, operating
                effectively, and complied with in practice. Monitoring involves an ongoing
                consideration and evaluation of the appropriateness of the design, the effectiveness
                of the operation of a firm’s quality control system, and a firm’s compliance with
                its quality control policies and procedures. The purpose of monitoring compliance
                with quality control policies and procedures is to provide an evaluation of the
                following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Adherence to professional standards and regulatory and legal
                        requirements</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Whether the quality control system has been appropriately designed and
                        effectively implemented</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Whether the firm’s quality control policies and procedures have been
                        operating effectively so that reports issued by the firm are appropriate in
                        the circumstances</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6d29dee1-6260-ece7-3a6b-6170ed4f459d_pra-sqcs_1.17" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.17</b> Establishing and
                maintaining policies such as the following assist the firm in obtaining the
                assurance required relating to the monitoring element of quality control:</p>
      <ul class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Assign responsibility for the monitoring process to a partner or partners
                        or other persons with sufficient and appropriate experience and authority in
                        the firm to assume that responsibility.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Assign performance of the monitoring process to competent
                        individuals.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Require the performance of monitoring procedures that are sufficiently
                        comprehensive to enable the firm to assess compliance with all applicable
                        professional standards and the firm’s quality control policies and
                        procedures. Monitoring procedures consist of the following:</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Review of selected administrative and personnel records pertaining
                                to the quality control elements.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Review of engagement documentation, reports, and clients'
                                financial statements.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Summarization of the findings from the monitoring procedures, at
                                least annually, and consideration of the systemic causes of findings
                                that indicate that improvements are needed.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Determination of any corrective actions to be taken or
                                improvements to be made with respect to the specific engagements
                                reviewed or the firm's quality control policies and
                                procedures.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Communication of the identified findings to appropriate firm
                                management personnel.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Consideration of findings by appropriate firm management personnel
                                who should also determine that any actions necessary, including
                                necessary modifications to the quality control system, are taken on
                                a timely basis.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Assessment of</p>
                  <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
                     <li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">the appropriateness of the firm’s guidance materials and
                                        any practice aids;</p>
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">new developments in professional standards and regulatory
                                        and legal requirements and how they are reflected in the
                                        firm’s policies and procedures where appropriate;</p>
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">compliance with policies and procedures on
                                        independence;</p>
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">the effectiveness of continuing professional development,
                                        including training;</p>
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">decisions related to acceptance and continuance of client
                                        relationships and specific engagements; and</p>
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">firm personnel’s understanding of the firm’s quality
                                        control policies and procedures and implementation
                                        thereof.</p>
                     </li>
                  </ul>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Communicate at least annually, to relevant engagement partners and other
                        appropriate personnel, deficiencies noted as a result of the monitoring
                        process and recommendations for appropriate remedial action.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Communicate the results of the monitoring of its quality control system
                        process to relevant firm personnel at least annually.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Establish procedures designed to provide the firm with reasonable
                        assurance that it deals appropriately with the following:</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Complaints and allegations that the work performed by the firm
                                fails to comply with professional standards and regulatory and legal
                                requirements.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Allegations of noncompliance with the firm’s system of quality
                                control.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Deficiencies in the design or operation of the firm’s quality
                                control policies and procedures, or noncompliance with the firm’s
                                system of quality control by an individual or individuals, as
                                identified during the investigations into complaints and
                                allegations.</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
            <p class="- topic/p ">This includes establishing clearly defined channels for firm personnel to
                        raise any concerns in a manner that enables them to come forward without
                        fear of reprisal and documenting complaints and allegations and the
                        responses to them.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Require appropriate documentation to provide evidence of the operation of
                        each element of its system of quality control. The form and content of
                        documentation evidencing the operation of each of the elements of the system
                        of quality control is a matter of judgment and depends on a number of
                        factors, including the following, for example:</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">The size of the firm and the number of offices.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">The nature and complexity of the firm’s practice and
                                organization.</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Require retention of documentation providing evidence of the operation of
                        the system of quality control for a period of time sufficient to permit
                        those performing monitoring procedures and peer review to evaluate the
                        firm’s compliance with its system of quality control, or for a longer period
                        if required by law or regulation.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6d29dee1-6260-ece7-3a6b-6170ed4f459d_pra-sqcs_1.18" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.18</b> Some of the
                monitoring procedures discussed in the previous list may be accomplished through the
                performance of the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Engagement quality control review</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Review of engagement documentation, reports, and clients’ financial
                        statements for selected engagements after the report release date</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Inspection <ph class="- topic/ph ">
                  <fn callout="4" id="UUID-6d29dee1-6260-ece7-3a6b-6170ed4f459d-pra-sqcs-1-fn4" class="- topic/fn ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Inspection</i> is a retrospective
                                evaluation of the adequacy of the firm’s quality control policies
                                and procedures, its personnel’s understanding of those policies and
                                procedures, and the extent of the firm’s compliance with them.
                                Although monitoring procedures are meant to be ongoing, they may
                                include inspection procedures performed at a fixed point in time.
                                Monitoring is a broad concept; inspection is one specific type of
                                monitoring procedure.</p>
                  </fn>
                  <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="pra-sqcs_1_monitoring.dita#UUID-6d29dee1-6260-ece7-3a6b-6170ed4f459d/UUID-6d29dee1-6260-ece7-3a6b-6170ed4f459d-pra-sqcs-1-fn4"/>
               </ph> procedures</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>