<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-e236d5c5-7ddc-3b5a-d05a-75ec99e2523e" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">OTC Market</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.36" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.36</b> Many companies have insufficient shares
                    outstanding, stockholders, or earnings to meet the listing requirements of an
                    exchange or, for other reasons, choose not to be listed. Securities of these
                    companies are traded in the OTC market between dealers who make markets acting
                    as principals or brokers for customers.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.37" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.37</b> The OTC market is not a location; rather,
                    it is a communications network linking those dealers that make markets in
                    securities generally not listed on exchanges. The OTC market is regulated by the
                    Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA). An offer to buy or sell an
                    unlisted security is executed by a broker-dealer entering into a transaction
                    with a customer or another broker-dealer that makes a market in that
                    security.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.38" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.38</b> The broker-dealer may be an OTC market
                    maker and act for its own account (dealer as principal) or for the account of a
                    customer (broker as agent) in a purchase or sale transaction with a customer or
                    another broker-dealer. Acting as a dealer, no commission is charged; instead,
                    the broker-dealer realizes a profit or loss based on the spread between the cost
                    and selling price of the securities. Acting as a broker (agent), a commission is
                    charged.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.39" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.39</b> The market makers publish quotes for
                    security prices on a bid-and-ask basis (that is, they buy a security at the bid
                    price and sell it at the ask price). The difference between the price for which
                    the dealer is willing to purchase (bid for) the security and the price for which
                    the dealer is willing to sell (ask for) the security is the spread.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.40" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.40</b> Firm price quotations for OTC equity
                    securities are available from the interdealer quotation systems, such as OTC
                    Markets Group’s OTC Pink.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>