<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-d156cd26-3a42-4318-0777-638e0aaef96e" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Schedules of Segregation Requirements and Funds in Segregation for
                    Customers’ Trading Pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.39" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.39</b> The segregation
                    schedule shows the computation of the amount of funds that should be segregated
                    for customers trading on U.S. commodity exchanges and the total funds segregated
                    by the broker-dealer to meet those requirements. In addition, a secured amount
                    schedule showing the computation of funds required to be set aside in separate
                    accounts for customers trading on non-U.S. commodity exchanges and the amount of
                    funds in such separate accounts should be included in the filing. Lastly, a
                    cleared swaps amount schedule that shows the computation of cleared swaps
                    segregation requirements and funds in cleared swaps customer accounts must also
                    be included in the schedule. A reconciliation is required if material
                    differences exist between the computations reported on by the independent
                    auditor and the computations filed previously by the broker-dealer in the
                    original unaudited FOCUS report. See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd6/aag-brd6_supplementary_schedules/aag-brd6_supplementary_schedules.dita#UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-de9f9ea0-e463-5b8d-cada-c7ed054b156d/UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.33">paragraph 6.33</xref> of this chapter. If no material differences exist, a
                    statement to that effect should be made in the schedule(s). CFTC defines
                    material errors in the Division of Trading and Markets <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Financial and Segregation Interpretation No. 4-1</i>. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="6" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c-aag-brd6-fn6" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The Division of Trading and Markets defines a <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">material error</i> for financial reports as “... a
                            misstatement of any individual financial statement account balance, i.e.
                            line item, where the amount of the individual adjustment, if made to the
                            financial statements, would cause a change of 10 percent or more in
                            excess net capital or excess segregated funds or where the adjustment,
                            if made to the financial statements, would cause the firm to fall into
                            an ‘early warning’ net capital position.” The full text of <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Financial and Segregation Interpretation No.
                                4-1</i> can be found at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.cftc.gov/sites/default/files/tm/finseginterp_4-1.htm">https://www.cftc.gov/sites/default/files/tm/finseginterp_4-1.htm</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd6_schedules_of_segregation_requirements.dita#UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-d156cd26-3a42-4318-0777-638e0aaef96e/UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c-aag-brd6-fn6"/>
         </ph> See the illustrative example presented in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd6/aag-brd6_financial_statements_and_schedules/aag-brd6_financial_statements_and_schedules.dita#UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-c1b420e1-5f7a-64d9-dd15-ae46cbfe5889/UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6_exhibit9_schedule_vi">schedule VI</xref>, “Statement of Cleared Swaps Customer Segregation
                    Requirements and Funds in Cleared Swaps Customer Accounts Under 4D(f) of the
                    Commodity Exchange Act,” in exhibit 6-9 of this chapter.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>