<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-492468cc-afde-da9c-06ba-f9b72aaf1791" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Period-End Financial Reporting</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.61" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.61</b> In addition to
                    periodic financial reporting on Financial and Operational Combined Uniform
                    Single (FOCUS) reporting, broker-dealers are required to prepare annual
                    financial statements including required disclosures. Management is responsible
                    for preparing complete and accurate financial statements in accordance with the
                    applicable financial reporting framework. Control and monitoring activities
                    typically associated with the period-end financial reporting process include the
                    following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Ensuring period-end close procedures, including recurring adjustments
                            and consolidation procedures, are established and approved by management
                            and documented. Reviewing and comparing the procedures performed and
                            adjustments made to those at previous period-ends.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reconciling general ledger accounts to source systems and subledgers
                            by personnel other than those making the entries. Identifying,
                            researching, and resolving any variances from the expectations, if
                            necessary.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Appropriately configuring the general ledger system for posting and
                            closing periods and preventing the period-end close if incomplete or
                            erroneous transactions are detected.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reconciling the subledger or stock record, or both, to key external
                            parties, including banks and depositories.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing automated reconciliations performed by the system for
                            completeness and accuracy.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Review of periodic business analyses on performance and other metrics
                            that are prepared using source system data and researching and
                            appropriately responding to any unexpected findings.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing and approving manual journal entries, consolidation entries,
                            and any entries that are recorded directly to the financial
                            statements.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>