<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709_UUID-c500605c-421a-f967-bffb-4eaedcfd581b" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Alternatives Within U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting
                Principles</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">The Private Company Council (PCC), established by the Financial Accounting
                Foundation’s Board of Trustees in 2012, and FASB, working jointly, will mutually
                agree on a set of criteria to decide whether and when alternatives within U.S. GAAP
                are warranted for private companies. Based on those criteria, the PCC reviews and
                proposes alternatives within U.S. GAAP to address the needs of users of private
                company financial statements. These U.S. GAAP alternatives may be applied to those
                entities that are not public business entities, not-for-profits, or employee benefit
                plans.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">The FASB ASC Master Glossary defines a <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">public business entity</i>
                as follows:</p>
      <lq class="- topic/lq ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">A public business entity is a business entity meeting any one of the criteria
                    below. Neither a not-for-profit entity nor an employee benefit plan is a
                    business entity.</p>
         <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">It is required by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to
                            file or furnish financial statements, or does file or furnish financial
                            statements (including voluntary filers), with the SEC (including other
                            entities whose financial statements or financial information are
                            required to be or are included in a filing).</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">It is required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Act), as
                            amended, or rules or regulations promulgated under the Act, to file or
                            furnish financial statements with a regulatory agency other than the
                            SEC.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">It is required to file or furnish financial statements with a foreign
                            or domestic regulatory agency in preparation for the sale of or for
                            purposes of issuing securities that are not subject to contractual
                            restrictions on transfer.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">It has issued, or is a conduit bond obligor for, securities that are
                            traded, listed, or quoted on an exchange or an over-the-counter
                            market.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">It has one or more securities that are not subject to contractual
                            restrictions on transfer, and it is required by law, contract, or
                            regulation to prepare U.S. GAAP financial statements (including
                            footnotes) and make them publicly available on a periodic basis (for
                            example, interim or annual periods). An entity must meet both of these
                            conditions to meet this criterion.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
         <p class="- topic/p ">An entity may meet the definition of a public business entity solely because
                    its financial statements or financial information is included in another
                    entity’s filing with the SEC. In that case, the entity is only a public business
                    entity for purposes of financial statements that are filed or furnished with the
                    SEC.</p>
      </lq>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Considerations related to alternatives for private companies may be discussed
                within this guide’s chapter text. When such discussion is provided, the related
                paragraphs are designated with the following title: <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Considerations for Private Companies That Elect to use Standards as Issued by
                    the Private Company Council</i>.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>