<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Chapter 1 — Gaining an Understanding About Financial Instruments</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <note type="notice" outputclass="box-border shade grey" class="- topic/note ">
         <p outputclass="ps_box_shade" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Gray shaded text in this chapter reflects guidance issued
                    but not yet effective as of the date of this guide, September 1, 2020, but
                    becoming effective on or prior to December 31, 2020, exclusive of any option to
                    early adopt ahead of the mandatory effective date. Unless otherwise indicated,
                    all unshaded text reflects guidance that was already effective as of the date of
                    this guide.</i>
         </p>
      </note>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.01" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.01</b> Different definitions of
                <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">financial instruments</i> may exist among financial
            reporting frameworks. For example, accounting principles generally accepted in the
            United States of America define a <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">financial
                instrument</i> as cash, evidence of an ownership interest in an entity, or a
            contract that both</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">imposes on one entity a contractual obligation to either</p>
            <ol outputclass="i" class="- topic/ol ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">deliver cash or another financial instrument to a second entity</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">exchange other financial instruments on potentially unfavorable terms
                            with a second entity</p>
               </li>
            </ol>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">conveys to that second entity a contractual right to either</p>
            <ol outputclass="i" class="- topic/ol ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">receive cash or another financial instrument from the first entity
                            or</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">exchange other financial instruments on potentially favorable terms
                            with the first entity. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
                        <fn callout="1" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb-aag-afi1-fn1" class="- topic/fn ">
                           <p class="- topic/p ">The FASB <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting Standards
                                        Codification</i> Master Glossary.</p>
                        </fn>
                        <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi1.dita#UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb/UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb-aag-afi1-fn1"/>
                     </ph>
                  </p>
               </li>
            </ol>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p class="- topic/p ">This definition encompasses a wide range of financial instruments, from simple loans
            and deposits to complex derivatives, structured products, and some commodity
            contracts.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.02" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.02</b> Financial instruments
            vary in complexity, though the complexity of the financial instrument can come from
            different sources, such as</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">a very high volume of individual cash flows in which a lack of homogeneity
                    requires analysis of each one or a large number of grouped cash flows to
                    evaluate (for example, collateralized debt obligations).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">complex formulas for determining the cash flows.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">uncertainty or variability of future cash flows, such as that arising from
                    credit risk, volatility associated with option contracts, or financial
                    instruments with lengthy contractual terms.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">The higher the variability of cash flows to changes in market conditions, the more
            likely the complexity and uncertainty of the fair value measurement of the financial
            instrument. In addition, sometimes, financial instruments that, ordinarily, are
            relatively easy to value become complex to value because of particular circumstances
            (for example, instruments for which the market has become inactive or that have lengthy
            contractual terms). Derivatives and structured products become more complex when they
            are a combination of individual financial instruments.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.03" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.03</b> Another source of
            complexity is the volume of financial instruments held or traded. Although a "plain
            vanilla" interest rate swap may not be complex, an entity holding a large number of them
            may use a sophisticated information system to identify, value, and transact these
            instruments.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>