<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-09091057-bef6-a5e7-ecb0-dfa018ecb594" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Fair Value Option</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.38" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.38</b> FASB ASC 825,
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Financial Instruments</i>, creates a fair
                    value option under which an entity may irrevocably elect fair value as the
                    initial and subsequent measure for many financial instruments and certain other
                    items, with changes in fair value recognized in the statement of activities as
                    those changes occur. An election is made on an instrument-by-instrument basis
                    (with certain exceptions) on its election date. Generally, this is when an
                    instrument is initially recognized in the financial statements. See FASB ASC
                    825-10-25-4 for information on election dates for specific eligible items that
                    are other than when the instrument is initially recognized in the financial
                    statements. The fair value option need not be applied to all identical items,
                    except as required by FASB ASC 825-10-25-5. FASB ASC 825-10-15-4 notes that
                    recognized financial assets and financial liabilities are eligible, except those
                    specifically listed. (See the following paragraph for those items excluded from
                    the election.) In addition to the eligible financial instruments, certain other
                    items are eligible for the election such as firm commitments for financial
                    instruments and certain nonfinancial contracts. FASB ASC 825-10-45-4 explains
                    that an entity should report unrealized gains and losses on items for which the
                    fair value option has been elected in earnings (or another performance indicator
                    if the business entity does not report earnings) at each subsequent reporting
                    date.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.39" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.39</b> FASB ASC
                    825-10-15-5 lists those instruments that are not eligible for the fair value
                    option. Specifically excluded from eligibility is an investment in a subsidiary
                    that the entity is required to consolidate; an interest in a variable interest
                    entity (VIE) that the entity is required to consolidate; employer’s and plan’s
                    obligations for pension benefits; other postretirement benefits (including
                    health care and life insurance benefits); postemployment benefits and deferred
                    compensation arrangements (or assets representing overfunded positions in those
                    plans); financial assets and liabilities recognized under leases (this does not
                    apply to a guarantee of a third-party lease obligation or a contingent
                    obligation arising from a canceled lease); demand deposit liabilities of
                    depository institutions; and financial instruments that are, in whole or part,
                    classified by the issuer as a component of shareholders’ equity (including
                    temporary equity).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.40" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.40</b> FASB ASC
                    825-10-45 and 825-10-50 also include presentation and disclosure requirements
                    designed to facilitate comparisons between entities that choose different
                    measurement attributes for similar types of assets and liabilities. Paragraphs
                    1B–2 of FASB ASC 825-10-45 state that entities should report assets and
                    liabilities that are measured using the fair value option in a manner that
                    separates those reported fair values from the carrying amounts of similar assets
                    and liabilities measured using another measurement attribute. To accomplish
                    that, an entity should either (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>) present the
                    aggregate carrying amount for both fair value and non-fair-value items on a
                    single line, with the fair value amount parenthetically disclosed or (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>) present separate lines for the fair value
                    carrying amounts and the non-fair-value carrying amounts. As discussed in FASB
                    ASC 825-10-25-3, up-front costs and fees, such as debt issuance costs, may not
                    be deferred for items for which the fair value option has been elected.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>