<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11_UUID-673e602c-1a67-e5ee-2457-eea7975552b4" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">The Auditor’s Assessment of Control Risk</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11_aag-afi8.26" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">8.26</b> As discussed in
                    paragraph .A7 of AU-C section 402B, the significance of the controls at the
                    service organization to the user entity’s internal control also depends on the
                    degree of interaction between the service organization’s activities and those of
                    the user entity. The degree of interaction refers to the extent to which a user
                    entity is able to and elects to implement effective controls over the processing
                    performed by the service organization. For example, a high degree of interaction
                    exists between the activities of the user entity and those at the service
                    organization when the user entity authorizes transactions, and the service
                    organization processes and accounts for those transactions. In these
                    circumstances, it may be practicable for the user entity to implement effective
                    controls over those transactions. On the other hand, when the service
                    organization initiates or initially records, processes, and accounts for the
                    user entity’s transactions, a lower degree of interaction exists between the two
                    organizations. In these circumstances, the user entity may be unable to or may
                    elect not to implement effective controls over these transactions at the user
                    entity and may rely on controls at the service organization. In this
                    arrangement, when the broker-dealer both initiates and executes trades, the
                    broker-dealer provides all the information about trades that is available to the
                    auditor. In addition, the broker-dealer’s initiation and execution services are
                    largely provided electronically. Accordingly, the auditor concludes that audit
                    risk cannot be limited sufficiently without obtaining the following audit
                    evidence about the operating effectiveness of the broker-dealer’s controls:
                        <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="6" id="UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11-aag-afi8-fn6" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">As a practical matter, Lane’s management should view information about
                            the operating effectiveness of the broker-dealer’s controls as an
                            important part of its risk management considerations.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi_the_auditors_assessment_of2.dita#UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11_UUID-673e602c-1a67-e5ee-2457-eea7975552b4/UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11-aag-afi8-fn6"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Establishing independent departments that provide the investment
                            advisory services and the holding and servicing of financial
                            instruments</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reconciling the information about the financial instruments that is
                            provided by each department</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11_aag-afi8.27" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">8.27</b> If the audit
                    evidence about the operating effectiveness of these controls supports an
                    assessment of control risk as low or moderate, the auditor may be able to reduce
                    the number of trades tested. The resulting audit efficiencies will become more
                    noticeable as the number of trades increases.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>