<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-4b4cdeb6-7d33-9866-98c7-3d7f95093d0d" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Government Securities</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.96" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.96</b> Treasury issues (with the exception of
                    registered securities) and many U.S. government agency securities are available
                    in book entry form through the Federal Reserve's book entry system. Only
                    depository institutions (such as commercial banks, savings and loan
                    associations, credit unions, and certain other depositories, as defined in the
                    Monetary Control Act of 1980) can maintain accounts on the system. A depository
                    institution may have several accounts, including clearing safekeeping accounts
                    and trust safekeeping accounts. The book entry system electronically transfers
                    government and agency securities between accounts based on instructions from its
                    members.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.97" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.97</b> Broker-dealers use members of the system
                    to clear and settle transactions because they do not have direct access to
                    Federal Reserve Wire Network (Fedwire), the Federal Reserve's communication and
                    gross settlement system. The broker-dealer gives instructions to its clearing
                    bank (a member of the Federal Reserve) for the transfer of funds and securities.
                    Broker-dealers that have significant activity can make deliveries electronically
                    through the Federal Reserve member bank by means of a remote access unit, which
                    their clearing bank can supply.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.98" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.98</b> All primary government securities dealers
                    and some nonprimary government securities dealers are members of a clearing
                    agency known as the Government Securities Division (GSD) of the FICC, which is a
                    subsidiary of the DTCC. Participating government securities dealers use this net
                    settlement system for the clearance and settlement of government securities
                    positions. This net settlement system will net down settlements (including
                    interest) for delivery through the Federal Reserve System. The GSD guarantees
                    all transactions that are already compared between participants. The settlement
                    of transactions for government securities is done using federal funds.
                    Government securities normally settle as regular way trades one business day
                    after the trade date. They can also settle for cash (same day as the trade date)
                    or for any mutually agreed-on settlement date.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>