<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_UUID-58c3eab9-3ea9-b89c-2826-bfa56db7e9d6" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Effects of Inactive Markets</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.31" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.31</b> Measurement
                    uncertainty increases and valuation is more complicated when the markets in
                    which financial instruments or their component parts are traded become inactive.
                    No clear point exists at which an active market becomes inactive, though
                    financial reporting frameworks may provide guidance on this issue.
                    Characteristics of an inactive market include a significant decline in the
                    volume and level of trading activity, and available prices vary significantly
                    over time or among market participants, or the prices are not current. However,
                    assessing whether a market is inactive requires judgment.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.32" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.32</b> When markets are
                    inactive, quoted prices may be stale (that is, out of date); may not represent
                    prices at which market participants may trade; or may represent forced
                    transactions (such as [<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>] when a seller is
                    required to sell an asset to meet regulatory or legal requirements or needs to
                    dispose of an asset immediately to create liquidity or [<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>] the existence of a single potential buyer as a result of the
                    legal or time restrictions imposed). Accordingly, valuations may be developed
                    based on level 2 and level 3 inputs. Under such circumstances, entities may
                    have</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">a valuation policy that includes a process for determining whether
                            level 1 inputs are available.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">an understanding of how particular prices or inputs from external
                            sources used as inputs to valuation techniques were calculated in order
                            to assess their reliability. For example, in an active market, a broker
                            quote on a financial instrument that has not traded is likely to reflect
                            actual transactions on a similar financial instrument, but as the market
                            becomes less active, the broker quote may rely more on proprietary
                            valuation techniques to determine prices.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">an understanding of how deteriorating business conditions affect the
                            counterparty, as well as whether deteriorating business conditions in
                            entities similar to the counterparty may indicate that the counterparty
                            may not fulfill its obligations (that is, nonperformance risk).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">policies for adjusting for measurement uncertainties. Such adjustments
                            can include model adjustments, lack of liquidity adjustments, credit
                            risk adjustments, and other risk adjustments.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the capability to calculate the range of realistic outcomes, given the
                            uncertainties involved (for example by performing a sensitivity
                            analysis).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">policies for identifying when a fair value measurement input moves to
                            a different level of the fair value hierarchy.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.33" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.33</b> Particular
                    difficulties may develop when severe curtailment or even cessation of trading in
                    particular financial instruments exists. In these circumstances, financial
                    instruments that have previously been valued using market prices may need to be
                    valued using a model.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>