<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_UUID-4f3eb436-26db-b8ba-aeed-a6b1f6b0d55a" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Additional Considerations About Alternative Investments</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.36" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.36</b> Alternative
                    investments represent investments for which a readily determinable fair value
                    does not exist. The FASB <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting Standards
                        Codification</i> (ASC) glossary defines <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">readily determinable fair value</i> as follows:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The fair value of an equity security is readily determinable if sales
                            prices or bid-and-asked quotations are currently available on a
                            securities exchange registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
                            Commission (SEC) or in the over-the-counter market, provided that those
                            prices or quotations for the over-the-counter market are publicly
                            reported by the National Association of Securities Dealers Automated
                            Quotations systems or by OTC Markets Group Inc. Restricted stock meets
                            that definition if the restriction terminates within one year.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The fair value of an equity security traded only in a foreign market
                            is readily determinable if that foreign market is of a breadth and scope
                            comparable to one of the U.S. markets referred to previously.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The fair value of an equity security that is an investment in a mutual
                            fund or in a structure similar to a mutual fund (that is, a limited
                            partnership or a venture capital entity) is readily determinable if the
                            fair value per share (unit) is determined and published and is the basis
                            for current transactions.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.37" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.37</b> These
                    alternative investments include investments that are not listed on national
                    exchanges or OTC markets or for which quoted market prices are not available
                    from sources such as financial publications, the exchanges, or NASDAQ. These
                    investments, as discussed in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../tpa/tis_2000/tis_2220/tis_2220.dita#UUID-034706a4-a548-ae12-e3e7-9b9bc833cdff/UUID-034706a4-a548-ae12-e3e7-9b9bc833cdff_tis_2220.18">Technical Questions and Answers section 2220.18</xref>, “Applicability of
                    Practical Expedient,” <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="9" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a-aag-afi-fn9" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">All Q&amp;A sections can be found in <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">
                     <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../tpa.dita#UUID-918c674a-0785-2556-70d8-0c67e52c7298">Technical Questions and Answers</xref>
                     <unknown id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_N6617550022fab" class="- topic/unknown ">Technical Questions and
                                Answers</unknown>
                  </i>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi4_additional_considerations_about_alternative.dita#UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_UUID-4f3eb436-26db-b8ba-aeed-a6b1f6b0d55a/UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a-aag-afi-fn9"/>
         </ph> include hedge funds, private equity funds, real estate funds,
                    venture capital funds, commodity funds, offshore fund vehicles, and funds of
                    funds. Alternative investments may be structured as limited partnerships,
                    limited liability corporations, trusts, or corporations. <unknown id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_N661755001eef6" class="- topic/unknown ">Q&amp;A Section 2220</unknown>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.38" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.38</b> When alternative
                    investments are required to be accounted for at fair value, the valuation
                    assertion may involve significant judgment by management in the assessment of
                    the estimate of fair value of the investment. The more complex or illiquid the
                    investment or the lack of sufficient management processes and records over
                    valuation, the greater the risk of misstatement and the more persuasive audit
                    evidence needs to be obtained by the auditor.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.39" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.39</b> The auditor’s
                    understanding of the reliability of the process used by the investor entity’s
                    management to determine estimated fair value is an important element in support
                    of the resulting amounts and, therefore, affects the nature, timing, and extent
                    of audit procedures. The auditor may test management’s fair value estimate as of
                    the balance sheet date by using one or more of the following approaches. The
                    approach(es) taken may not be the same for all alternative investments in an
                    investor entity’s portfolio because the nature of the underlying investments and
                    associated risk, as well as the information available to management and the
                    auditor, likely will be different for each alternative investment. The higher
                    the assessed risk of material misstatement, the greater the need for the auditor
                    to utilize a combination of the following approaches:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Confirm the alternative investment</i>.
                            If the auditor determines that the nature and extent of auditing
                            procedures should include testing the measurement of the investor
                            entity’s investment, simply receiving a confirmation from the
                            alternative investment of the entity’s investments in financial
                            instruments, either in aggregate or on a security-by-security basis,
                            does not, in and of itself, constitute sufficient appropriate audit
                            evidence in addressing the valuation assertion. The extent of the
                            additional audit procedures is directly related to the assessed risk of
                            material misstatement of the financial statements.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Review and test the investor entity’s
                                significant assumptions and the underlying data in its valuation or
                                analysis of the assumptions and data obtained from the fund
                                manager</i>. A confirmation on a security-by-security basis
                            may provide support of the data used by the investor’s management in its
                            valuation process. In drafting a confirmation, the auditor may consider
                            requesting a description of each investment, ownership percentage or
                            shares owned, and estimated fair value. If detailed information is not
                            available, the auditor may look to the other data that management used
                            in its valuation and perform tests on such data. The nature of the tests
                            depends on the types of data used by management and the auditor’s
                            assessment of the risk of material misstatement of the financial
                            statements.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Reconcile to audited financial statements as
                                of the same date</i>. If audited financial statements of the
                            alternative investment are available as of the date of the investor
                            entity’s year-end, and the alternative investment follows fair value
                            accounting, the audited financial statements and an accompanying
                            auditor’s report may provide significant audit evidence regarding the
                            valuation of the investment. However, the investor entity and fund often
                            have different fiscal year-ends. In lower- or moderate-risk situations,
                            the auditor might be able to obtain the fund’s audited financial
                            statements as of the fund’s fiscal year-end and perform (or arrange to
                            have the fund’s auditor perform) additional procedures to test the
                            transactions and changes in fair value between the fund’s fiscal
                            year-end and the investor’s fiscal year-end.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Review transactions at or near the balance
                                sheet date</i>. Evidence of an actual transaction, such as an
                            investment in, or liquidation of, a portion of its alternative
                            investment as of a date close to the investor entity’s fiscal year-end,
                            may provide information for management to support the valuation of the
                            alternative investment. The auditor may consider how often settlements
                            occur and the terms used to determine the value of the settlement.
                            Issues to consider include whether the process used for the settlement
                            is the same process used for financial reporting; whether there are
                            holdbacks or potential true-ups subsequent to the balance sheet date;
                            and the possibility that the parties to the transactions were not both
                            willing buyers and sellers, such as in a distress sale.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.40" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.40</b> If management
                    estimates the fair value of a significant portion of its alternative investments
                    as of an interim date, management will need a robust process and strong internal
                    control over the roll-forward period to the balance sheet date. Because the
                    valuation assertion embedded in the financial statements is as of the balance
                    sheet date, management needs to have the ability to obtain sufficient
                    information to record the investments at estimated fair value as of the balance
                    sheet date, including changes in the estimated fair value during the
                    roll-forward period. In this situation, the auditor may test both the estimation
                    process as of the interim date and the roll-forward process.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>