<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-36d94a52-5d04-edd4-4ebd-33d9cdddd926" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">SEC Rule 17a-13, “Quarterly Security Counts to Be Made by Certain
                    Exchange Members, Brokers, and Dealers”</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">SEC Rule 17a-13, “Quarterly Security Counts to Be Made
                    by Certain Exchange Members, Brokers, and Dealers” <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="24" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393033442644" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">See the discussion beginning in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd3/aag-brd3_additional_requirements_for_registered/aag-brd3_additional_requirements_for_registered.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-80123a72-0f46-1e1a-cdd5-044010042348/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_para-idm53393061187048">paragraph 3.174</xref> of this chapter for additional requirements
                            for broker-dealers that are also registered investment advisers.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd3_sec_rule_17a_13.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-36d94a52-5d04-edd4-4ebd-33d9cdddd926/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393033442644"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_para-idm53393033321084" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.67</b> SEC Rule 17a-13 of the 1934 Act
                    requires that the examination, count, verification, and comparison be made or
                    supervised by persons whose regular duties do not require them to have direct
                    responsibility for the proper care and protection of the securities or for the
                    making or preservation of the books and records.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.68</b> Under SEC Rule 17a-13, most
                    broker-dealers are required to conduct a securities count at least once in each
                    calendar quarter. The rule requires that at least once in each calendar quarter,
                    but not more than four months or less than two months apart, all positions in
                    each security should be accounted for simultaneously, although not all
                    securities are required to be accounted for at the same time. The procedures
                    performed by the broker-dealer would include the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Physically examine and count all securities held.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Account for all securities in transfer, in transit, pledged, loaned,
                            borrowed, deposited, failed to receive, and failed to deliver, subject
                            to repurchase agreements (repos) or reverse repos, or otherwise subject
                            to the broker-dealer's control or direction but not in its physical
                            possession, by examining and comparing the supporting detail records
                            with the appropriate ledger control accounts.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Verify (through confirmation or other form of outside documentation)
                            all securities in transfer, in transit, pledged, loaned, borrowed,
                            deposited, failed to receive, and failed to deliver, subject to repo and
                            reverse repo, or otherwise subject to the broker-dealer's control or
                            direction but not in its physical possession if such securities have
                            been in such status for longer than 30 days.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Compare the results of the count and verification with the
                            broker-dealer's records.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Record in the books and records all unresolved differences resulting
                            from the count and verification (setting forth the security involved and
                            the date of comparison) in a security count difference account no later
                            than seven business days after the date of each securities examination
                            count and verification. This securities difference account is then
                            considered in determining the applicable deduction from net capital.
                                <ph class="- topic/ph ">
                  <fn callout="25" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393033590048" class="- topic/fn ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd3/aag-brd3_explanation_of_significant_sec/aag-brd3_sec_rule_15c3_3/aag-brd3_sec_rule_15c3_3.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-b5c58588-b709-5b1b-cf14-a498013dbcf4/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393028703430">footnote 16</xref>.</p>
                  </fn>
                  <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd3_sec_rule_17a_13.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-36d94a52-5d04-edd4-4ebd-33d9cdddd926/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393033590048"/>
               </ph>
            </p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.69" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.69</b> The examination,
                    count, verification, and comparison may be made as of a certain date or on a
                    cyclical basis covering all securities. Cyclical counts enable the broker-dealer
                    to perform the preceding procedures on specific groups of securities at
                    different time intervals.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.70" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.70</b> For
                    broker-dealers subject to FINRA rules, paragraph (b) of FINRA Rule 4522 requires
                    that each carrying or clearing member subject to SEC Rule 17a-13 make more
                    frequent counts, examinations, verifications, comparisons, and entries when
                    prudent business practice would so require. Further, each such carrying or
                    clearing member is required to receive position statements monthly with respect
                    to securities held by clearing corporations, other organizations, or custodians
                    and, at such time, reconcile all such securities and money balances by
                    comparison of the clearing corporations’ or custodians’ position statements to
                    the member’s books and records. The carrying or clearing member must promptly
                    report any differences to the contra organization, and both the contra
                    organization and member firm must promptly resolve the differences. When there
                    is a higher volume of activity, the rule provides that good business practice
                    may require a more frequent exchange of statements and performance of
                    reconciliations. Differences from such verifications that are unresolved for
                    seven days, must be recorded to a "Difference" account and reflected in the net
                    capital and customer reserve computations as required.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.71" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.71</b> In conjunction
                    with its annual year-end reporting, a broker-dealer that does not make a claim
                    of exemption from SEC Rule 15c3-3 throughout the most recent fiscal year is
                    required to make certain assertions, in a compliance report, regarding Internal
                    Controls Over Compliance related to SEC Rule 17a-13 (Quarterly Security Counts
                    to Be Made by Certain Exchange Members, Brokers, and Dealers Rule). The auditor
                    is required to perform an examination of the assertions in the compliance
                    report, following PCAOB standards, and issue a report based on that examination.
                    See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd3/aag-brd3_filings_concurrent_with_the/aag-brd3_compliance_or_exemption_report/aag-brd3_compliance_or_exemption_report.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-ccbd6894-6572-12b2-66b9-709b7a0d3cb1/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_para-idm53393056658188">paragraph 3.156</xref> for further discussion. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="26" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393033714070" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd3/aag-brd3_explanation_of_significant_sec/aag-brd3_sec_rule_15c3_3/aag-brd3_sec_rule_15c3_3.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-b5c58588-b709-5b1b-cf14-a498013dbcf4/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393028170972">footnote 14</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd3_sec_rule_17a_13.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-36d94a52-5d04-edd4-4ebd-33d9cdddd926/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393033714070"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>