<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Chapter 10 — Case Study of the Use of an Interest Rate Swap to Hedge Existing
            Debt</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <note type="notice" outputclass="box-border shade grey" class="- topic/note ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Gray shaded text in this chapter reflects guidance issued
                    but not yet effective as of the date of this guide, September 1, 2020, but
                    becoming effective on or prior to December 31, 2020, exclusive of any option to
                    early adopt ahead of the mandatory effective date. Unless otherwise indicated,
                    all unshaded text reflects guidance that was already effective as of the date of
                    this guide.</i>
         </p>
      </note>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24_aag-afi10.01" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">10.01</b> In this case study,
            the entity has issued a fixed-rate bond and is exposed to the risk that changes in the
            benchmark interest rate will change the bond’s fair value. In order to mitigate this
            risk, the entity enters into an interest rate swap that effectively converts the
            fixed-rate liability into a variable-rate liability.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24_aag-afi10.02" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">10.02</b> Under FASB <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting Standards Codification</i> (ASC) 815, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Derivatives and Hedging</i>, the change in the fair value of a
            derivative designated as a fair value hedge is recognized in earnings together with the
            change in the fair value of the hedged item that is attributable to the risk being
            hedged. In this case study, the change in the fair value of the interest rate swap will
            be offset by the change in the fair value of the obligation under the bond that is
            attributable to changes in the benchmark interest rate. The changes have opposite
            effects on earnings. For example, if the change in the fair value of the obligation
            under the bond from a change in the benchmark interest rate creates a gain, the change
            in the fair value of the swap will create a loss.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24_aag-afi10.03" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">10.03</b> The hedging instrument
            in this case study is an interest rate swap. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Swaps</i>
            are contracts to exchange, for a period of time, the investment performance of one
            underlying instrument for the investment performance of another instrument without
            exchanging the instruments themselves. The interest rate swap used in this case study
            involves the swap of interest at a variable rate based on a designated benchmark
            interest rate (in this case study, 90-day London Interbank Offered Rate [LIBOR])
            multiplied by a notional principal amount for interest at a fixed rate multiplied by
            that same notional principal amount.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24_aag-afi10.04" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">10.04</b> Under the agreement in
            this case study, the entity effectively pays interest under the swap at a variable rate
            and receives interest under the swap at a fixed rate (although the entity actually pays
            or receives only the net amount under the swap). In this particular case, the notional
            amount of the swap is the same as the principal outstanding under the entity’s bond, and
            the fixed rate received under the swap is the same as the bond’s rate. Accordingly, the
            amount of fixed-rate interest received under the swap equals the amount of interest paid
            on the bond, and the net amount of interest paid equals the interest paid under the swap
            at the variable rate. The swap therefore enables the entity to pay a variable rate of
            interest on the amount of principal outstanding under the bond, thus effectively
            converting the bond from a fixed-rate to variable-rate instrument.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24_aag-afi10.05" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">10.05</b> The "<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../aag-afi/aag-afi10/aag-afi10_accounting_considerations/aag-afi10_accounting_considerations.dita#UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24_UUID-e8484312-882a-a003-9853-7ffcab9f2e8a">Accounting Considerations</xref>" section illustrates accounting for a fair value
            hedge when the hedging instrument is an interest rate swap. When certain conditions are
            met, the entity may assume that an interest rate swap will be perfectly effective in
            hedging interest rate risk and may use the shortcut method to account for the hedging
            activity. In this case study, those conditions are not met, so the example demonstrates
            the accounting entries that should be made when the shortcut method is not available.
            The "<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../aag-afi/aag-afi10/aag-afi10_accounting_considerations/aag-afi10_accounting_considerations.dita#UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24_UUID-e8484312-882a-a003-9853-7ffcab9f2e8a">Auditing Considerations</xref>" section illustrates the application of the guidance
            contained in AU-C section 501B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Audit Evidence — Specific
                Considerations for Selected Items</i>. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="1" id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24-aag-afi10-fn1" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">All AU-C sections can be found in AICPA <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">
                     <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../ps.dita#UUID-31e5d376-7dc9-0bde-c2d8-e38aa3d16588">Professional Standards</xref>
                     <unknown id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24_N66175500b166d" class="- topic/unknown ">AICPA Professional
                    Standards</unknown>
                  </i>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi10.dita#UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24/UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24-aag-afi10-fn1"/>
         </ph>
         <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="2" id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24-aag-afi10-fn2" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Each AU-C section in this guide designated with a “B” suffix (for example,
                    “AU-C section 200B”) denotes content that does not reflect the codification of
                    Statement on Auditing Standards (SAS) Nos. 134–140 or the amendments to other
                    SASs made by SAS Nos. 134–140 and subsequently issued SASs.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi10.dita#UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24/UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24-aag-afi10-fn2"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>