<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_UUID-ef41b634-e4d9-693f-fa0f-77d23eec495d" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">The Entity’s Information System</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.24" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.24</b> The key
                    objective of an entity’s information system is that it is capable of capturing
                    and recording all the transactions accurately, settling them, valuing them, and
                    producing information to enable the financial instruments to be risk managed and
                    for controls to be monitored. Difficulties can arise in entities that engage in
                    a high volume of financial instruments, in particular if a multiplicity of
                    systems are poorly integrated and have manual interfaces without adequate
                    controls.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.25" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.25</b> Certain
                    financial instruments may require a large number of accounting entries. As the
                    sophistication or level of the financial instrument activities increases, it is
                    necessary for the sophistication of the information system to also increase.
                    Specific issues that can arise with respect to financial instruments
                    include</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">information systems, particularly for smaller entities, not having the
                            capability or being appropriately configured to process financial
                            instrument transactions, especially when the entity does not have any
                            prior experience in dealing with financial instruments. This may result
                            in an increased number of manual transactions that may further increase
                            the risk of error.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the potential diversity of systems required to process more complex
                            transactions and the need for regular reconciliations between them, in
                            particular when the systems are not interfaced or may be subject to
                            manual intervention.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the potential that more complex transactions, if they are only traded
                            by a small number of individuals, may be valued or risk managed on
                            spreadsheets rather than main processing systems and for the physical
                            and logical password security around those spreadsheets to be more
                            easily compromised.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">a lack of review of systems exception logs, external confirmations,
                            and broker quotes, when available, to validate the entries generated by
                            the systems.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">difficulties in controlling and evaluating the key inputs to systems
                            for valuation of financial instruments, particularly when those systems
                            are maintained by the group of traders known as the sales function or a
                            third-party service provider, or the transactions in question are
                            nonroutine or thinly traded.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">failure to evaluate the design and calibration of complex models used
                            to process these transactions initially and on a periodic basis.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the potential that management has not set up a library of models with
                            controls around access, change, and maintenance of individual models in
                            order to maintain a strong audit trail of the accredited versions of
                            models and in order to prevent unauthorized access or amendments to
                            those models.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the disproportionate investment that may be required in risk
                            management and control systems when an entity only undertakes a limited
                            number of financial instrument transactions and the potential for
                            misunderstanding of the output by management if the risk management and
                            control systems are not used for these types of transactions.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the potential requirement for third-party systems providers (for
                            example, from a service organization) to record, process, account for,
                            or risk manage appropriately financial instrument transactions and the
                            need to reconcile appropriately and challenge the output from those
                            providers.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">additional security and control considerations relevant to the use of
                            an electronic network when an entity uses electronic commerce for
                            financial instrument transactions.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.26" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.26</b> Information
                    systems relevant to financial reporting serve as an important source of
                    information for the quantitative disclosures in the financial statements.
                    However, entities may also develop and maintain nonfinancial systems used for
                    internal reporting and to generate information included in qualitative
                    disclosures (for example, regarding risks and uncertainties or sensitivity
                    analyses).</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>