<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-60d6a462-d5bf-6bb5-457c-e6d203bc2274" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Clearing Organizations and Depositories</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.50" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.50</b> After orders in
                securities are executed, whether on an exchange or in the OTC market, the
                transactions are compared, cleared, and settled. Comparison occurs when
                broker-dealers or their agents exchange their trade information (security, number of
                units, and price) to confirm the existence of a contract and match the buy and sell
                sides of the trade. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Clearance</i> is the process of
                accounting for compared trades in terms of the trading parties' obligations to pay
                money and deliver securities. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Settlement</i> is the
                process of exchanging the money for securities (that is, delivery and payment) that
                consummates the transaction. In the U.S. equity and corporate markets, settlement
                has historically occurred three business days after the trade. In May 2023, under
                SEC Release No. 34-96930, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Shortening the Securities Transaction
                    Cycle</i>, the SEC amended Rule 15c6-1(a), <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Settlement Cycle
                    Rule</i>, to shorten the standard settlement cycle for most broker-dealer
                transactions from two business days after the trade date (T+2) to one business day
                after the trade date (T+1). <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="8" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-aag-brd1-fn8" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The effective date of this release was May 5, 2023, and the compliance
                        date is May 28, 2024. Readers are encouraged to consult the full text of the
                        release, available at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.sec.gov/rules/final/2023/34-96930.pdf">https://www.sec.gov/rules/final/2023/34-96930.pdf</xref>. The SEC staff
                        has also published a Fact Sheet, Reducing Risk in Clearance and Settlement,
                        which is available at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.sec.gov/files/34-96930-fact-sheet_0.pdf">https://www.sec.gov/files/34-96930-fact-sheet_0.pdf</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd1_clearing_organizations_and_depositories.dita#UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-60d6a462-d5bf-6bb5-457c-e6d203bc2274/UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-aag-brd1-fn8"/>
         </ph> The SEC had previously shortened the standard settlement cycle for most
                securities transactions from T+3 to T+2 in 2017. Trade comparison, clearance, and
                settlement are aspects of post trade processing.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.51" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.51</b> The exchange markets
                have sponsored central clearing agencies, known as clearing organizations, to assist
                in the comparison, clearance, and settlement functions. Deliveries and receipts of
                securities and the related cash settlements are made through these clearing
                organizations for broker-dealers. The National Securities Clearing Corporation
                (NSCC), a subsidiary of the Depository Trust &amp; Clearing Corporation (DTCC), is
                one such U.S. clearing organization. In the OTC market, clearance may be
                accomplished by a variety of methods, including the buying and selling of
                broker-dealers' exchange-of-trade tickets directly with one another or through a
                clearing organization. Introducing broker-dealers operating through clearing brokers
                settle their transactions through those clearing brokers that in turn, settle the
                transactions through the clearing organizations. The Options Clearing Corporation
                and the clearing organizations of the commodity exchanges perform similar functions
                for options and futures trading. Clearance of securities traded on international
                markets is accomplished in a variety of ways, ranging from centralized clearing
                organizations (for example, Euroclear) to business entities whose securities are
                cleared by major banking organizations.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.52" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.52</b> Most U.S. government
                and agency security transactions clear through the use of the book entry safekeeping
                system maintained by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. The 12 district Federal
                Reserve Banks operate a securities transfer system that permits these securities to
                be transferred between the book entry safekeeping accounts.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.53" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.53</b> The Fixed Income
                Clearing Corporation (FICC) provides clearing for fixed income securities, including
                U.S. Treasury securities and mortgage-backed securities. FICC was created in 2003 to
                handle fixed income transaction processing, integrating the Government Securities
                Clearing Corporation and the Mortgage-Backed Securities Clearing Corporation.
                Securities transactions processed by the FICC include U.S. Treasury bills, bonds,
                notes, zero-coupon securities, government agency securities, mortgage-backed
                securities, and inflation-indexed securities. Participants in this market include
                mortgage originators, government-sponsored enterprises, registered broker-dealers,
                institutional investors, investment managers, mutual funds, commercial banks,
                insurance companies, and other financial institutions. FICC’s Sponsored Service
                allows FICC to be the intermediary between sponsored clients of FICC’s members. The
                service offers FICC clearance of purchase and sales of U.S. Treasury and agency
                securities as well as settlement of repo transactions.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.54" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.54</b> Settlement of
                securities transactions can be complex, especially when there is a large volume of
                transactions in many securities. To avoid duplicated receipt and delivery of
                securities, the NSCC uses an electronic netting system known as continuous net
                settlement (CNS). In CNS, a broker-dealer's purchases and sales in the same security
                are netted, thus leaving the broker-dealer with one daily net settlement obligation
                per security. The broker-dealer then settles that obligation with the clearing
                organization. Unique to CNS, the clearing agency interposes itself between the
                trading broker-dealers on each trade and guarantees the settlement obligations of
                each broker-dealer's countertrading party. Thus, the broker-dealer's settlement is
                with the clearing organization, not the other broker-dealer. Other clearing
                mechanisms may or may not guarantee settlement. A broker-dealer can settle each day
                or carry open commitments forward to net against the next day's settlement (hence
                the continuous nature of CNS).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.55" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.55</b> Security deliveries
                in the current U.S. environment are generally by book entry (that is, by electronic
                debits and credits to a broker-dealer's account) at a securities depository where
                the securities certificates are immobilized and where broker-dealers hold the
                certificates in the street name for their customers. Thus, delivery is accomplished
                without the physical movement of the securities certificates. The securities
                depositories, which are similar to banks, pursue the business of custodian
                operations, including holding securities certificates in physical form or
                maintaining electronic records of book entry securities holdings for their
                customers, mainly financial institutions.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.56" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.56</b> One of the major
                depositories for equities, corporate debt securities, certain eligible
                mortgage-backed securities, and municipal debt securities is the DTCC and its
                subsidiaries.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>