<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-a1692771-982e-81ea-ac90-e3ce38fe5010" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Anti-money Laundering Regulations</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">Anti-money Laundering Regulations <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="40" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393052544718" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The SEC has available on its website an anti-money laundering (AML)
                            source tool for broker-dealers. It is a compilation of key AML laws,
                            rules, and guidance applicable to broker-dealers. The tool organizes the
                            key AML compliance materials and provides related source information. It
                            can be accessed at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="http://www.sec.gov/about/offices/ocie/amlsourcetool.htm">www.sec.gov/about/offices/ocie/amlsourcetool.htm</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd3_anti_money_laundering_regulations.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-a1692771-982e-81ea-ac90-e3ce38fe5010/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393052544718"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.128" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.128</b> The Uniting
                    and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept
                    and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (USA PATRIOT Act) requires broker-dealers to
                    implement certain recordkeeping and reporting requirements. They should also
                    establish a written anti-money laundering (AML) program that, at a minimum,
                    contains the following components: development of reasonably designed internal
                    policies, procedures, and controls; designation of a compliance officer; an
                    ongoing employee training program; an independent audit function to test
                    programs; and appropriate risk-based procedures for ongoing customer due
                    diligence.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.129" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.129</b> Broker-dealers
                    are required to establish, document, and maintain a written customer
                    identification program (CIP). This program should be appropriate for the firm’s
                    size and business; be part of the firm’s AML compliance program; and, at a
                    minimum, should contain the following four elements: establishing identity
                    verification procedures; maintaining records related to CIP; determining whether
                    a customer appears on any designated list of terrorists or terrorist
                    organizations; and providing customers with notice that information is being
                    obtained to verify their identities. The CIP rule provides that, under certain
                    defined circumstances, broker-dealers may rely on the performance of another
                    financial institution to fulfill some or all the requirements of the
                    broker-dealer’s CIP.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.130" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.130</b> Among other
                    things, these rules require that firms independently test their AML programs.
                    The independent tests should occur on an annual basis for most firms. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="41" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393052811974" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">As noted in question 1 of FINRA’s AML frequently asked questions, as
                            found on the FINRA website at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="http://www.finra.org">www.finra.org</xref>, if the firm does not execute transactions
                            with customers or otherwise hold customer accounts or act as an
                            introducing broker with respect to customer accounts, the independent
                            testing is required every two years.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd3_anti_money_laundering_regulations.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-a1692771-982e-81ea-ac90-e3ce38fe5010/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393052811974"/>
         </ph> Auditors of broker-dealers may perform testing of an AML program,
                    subject to attestation and independence standards. Firms may use internal staff
                    as long as they are independent from the AML program itself and have the
                    knowledge they need to effectively evaluate a firm's AML system. Training
                    internal staff and establishing procedures to ensure their independence can be
                    expensive. Therefore, some firms may find it more cost effective to use a
                    qualified outside party. Some small firms have coordinated with other small
                    firms to hire an outside auditor at a reduced group rate. FINRA Rule 3310,
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Anti-Money Laundering Compliance Program</i>,
                    is substantially the same as the former NASD Rule 3011; however, this rule, as
                    adopted, eliminates the independent testing exception that was in the related
                    NASD rule.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>