<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_UUID-9502a57f-456e-091e-5f2e-030188d83615" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Communication With Those Charged With Governance and
                        Others</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_aag-afi6.31" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.31</b> Because of
                        the uncertainties associated with the valuation of financial instruments,
                        the potential effects on the financial statements of any significant risks
                        are likely to be of governance interest. The auditor may communicate the
                        nature and consequences of significant assumptions used in fair value
                        measurements, the degree of subjectivity involved in the development of the
                        assumptions, and the relative materiality of the items being measured at
                        fair value to the financial statements as a whole. In addition, the need for
                        appropriate controls over commitments to enter into financial instrument
                        contracts and the subsequent measurement processes are matters that may give
                        rise to the need for communication with those charged with
                        governance.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_aag-afi6.32" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.32</b> AU-C section
                        260B addresses the auditor’s responsibility to communicate with those
                        charged with governance in an audit of financial statements. With respect to
                        financial instruments, matters to be communicated to those charged with
                        governance may include</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">a lack of management understanding of the nature or extent of the
                                financial instrument activities or the risks associated with such
                                activities.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">significant deficiencies or material weaknesses in the design or
                                operation of the system of internal control relating to the entity’s
                                financial instrument activities that the auditor has identified
                                during the audit. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
                  <fn callout="16" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c-aag-afi6-fn16" class="- topic/fn ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">AU-C section 265B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Communicating
                                            Internal Control Related Matters Identified in an
                                            Audit</i>, addresses the auditor’s responsibility
                                        to communicate to those charged with governance and
                                        management deficiencies in internal control that the auditor
                                        has identified in an audit of financial statements. It
                                        explains that deficiencies in internal control may be
                                        identified during the auditor’s risk assessment procedures,
                                        in accordance with AU-C section 315B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Understanding the Entity and Its
                                            Environment and Assessing the Risks of Material
                                            Misstatement</i>, or at any other stage of the
                                        audit.</p>
                  </fn>
                  <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi6_communication_with_those_charged.dita#UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_UUID-9502a57f-456e-091e-5f2e-030188d83615/UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c-aag-afi6-fn16"/>
               </ph>
            </p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">significant difficulties encountered when obtaining sufficient
                                appropriate audit evidence relating to valuations performed by
                                management or management’s specialist (for example, when management
                                is unable to obtain an understanding of the valuation methodology,
                                assumptions, and data used by management’s specialists, and such
                                information is not made available to the auditor by management’s
                                specialist).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">significant differences in judgments between the auditor and
                                management or management’s specialist regarding valuations.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the potential effects on the entity’s financial statements of
                                material risks and exposures required to be disclosed in the
                                financial statements, including the measurement uncertainty
                                associated with financial instruments.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the auditor’s views about the appropriateness of the selection of
                                accounting policies and presentation of financial instrument
                                transactions in the financial statements.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the auditor’s views about the qualitative aspects of the entity’s
                                accounting practices and financial reporting for financial
                                instruments.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">a lack of comprehensive and clearly stated policies for the
                                purchase, sale, and holding of financial instruments, including
                                operational controls, procedures for designating financial
                                instruments as hedges, and monitoring exposures.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">The appropriate timing for communications will vary with the circumstances
                        of the engagement; however, it may be appropriate to communicate significant
                        difficulties encountered during the audit as soon as practicable if those
                        charged with governance are able to assist the auditor to overcome the
                        difficulty or if it is likely to lead to a modified opinion.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>