<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6_UUID-d67b8b95-ee9c-49a4-f1bd-49b45e17bb73" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Control Risk</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6_aag-afi7.20" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">7.20</b> BEV uses a
                    broker-dealer to hold and service its financial instruments, including the
                    investment in the bond. However, the fact that the entity uses a service
                    organization to process some of its financial instrument transactions does not,
                    in and of itself, require the auditor to obtain information about the
                    broker-dealer’s controls. AU-C section 315B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Understanding the Entity and Its Environment and Assessing the Risks of
                        Material Misstatement</i>, addresses the auditor’s requirement to
                    obtain an understanding of the entity and its environment as part of performing
                    an audit in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="7" id="UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6-aag-afi7-fn7" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Each AU-C section in this guide designated with a “B” suffix (for
                            example, “AU-C section 200B”) denotes content that does not reflect the
                            codification of Statements on Auditing Standards (SAS) Nos. 134–140 or
                            the amendments to other SASs made by SAS Nos. 134–140 and subsequently
                            issued SASs.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi7_control_risk.dita#UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6_UUID-d67b8b95-ee9c-49a4-f1bd-49b45e17bb73/UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6-aag-afi7-fn7"/>
         </ph> Paragraph .A54 of AU-C section 315B states that an entity’s use of
                    IT may affect any of the five components of internal control relevant to the
                    achievement of the entity’s financial reporting, operations, or compliance
                    objectives and its operating units or business functions. This understanding
                    should be sufficient for the auditor to</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">identify the types of potential misstatement of the assertions.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">consider factors that affect the risk that the potential misstatements
                            would be material to the financial statements.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">design substantive tests.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6_aag-afi7.21" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">7.21</b> The types of
                    potential material misstatements relating to BEV’s investment in the bond relate
                    primarily to the change in classification from available for sale to held to
                    maturity, which is a risk that will not be addressed by the controls at the
                    broker-dealer. BEV maintains all the information necessary to perform
                    substantive procedures on investments. Accordingly, the auditor does not have to
                    obtain an understanding of controls in operation at the broker-dealer in order
                    to plan the audit.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6_aag-afi7.22" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">7.22</b> Because the
                    purchase and subsequent reclassification of the bond was considered to be an
                    isolated transaction, control risk was assessed as high.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>