<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-ca0a3d00-f12d-8a46-d6a2-6ba56dc1929e" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Mortgage-Backed Securities</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.91" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.91</b> The books and
                    records maintained by broker-dealers in mortgage-backed securities (MBSs) are
                    somewhat unique because of the requirements for recording receipts and payments
                    of MBS principal and interest (P&amp;I), maintaining records of both the
                    original face value and amortized face value of MBSs, recording the allocation
                    of mortgage pools to fulfill sales commitments, and maintaining records for
                    trades for forward settlement when underlying pool numbers have yet to be
                    announced (TBA).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.92" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.92</b> MBSs or
                    pass-through securities are created when mortgages are pooled together and sold.
                    Payments of P&amp;I on the underlying mortgages are passed through monthly to
                    investors (less certain fees). In some instances, inefficient recordkeeping in
                    registering the owner of an MBS with the paying agent has caused monthly
                    payments of P&amp;I to be forwarded to previous owners, forcing the current
                    owner to submit claim letters to recoup missing P&amp;I funds. The proper
                    recordkeeping of P&amp;I receivables and payables is essential to ensure
                    accurate recording and collection/disbursement.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.93" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.93</b> Monthly payments
                    for P&amp;I are calculated using factors; the factor represents the percentages
                    of each pool's original face value still outstanding. With the increasing
                    application of computer technology to MBSs, the P&amp;I problems are being
                    resolved. By interfacing with a principal paydown factor service, a
                    broker-dealer can automatically calculate the monthly accruals for P&amp;I
                    receivables and payables. Broker-dealers can also efficiently track partial
                    payments and nonpayments to ensure recovery of receivables.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.94" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.94</b> Computerized
                    access to factor tapes also allows the broker-dealer to maintain records of the
                    amortized face value of MBSs more efficiently. The amortized face value of MBSs
                    is necessary to allocate pools properly to fulfill sales commitments, as well as
                    amortize properly the purchased premium or discount.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.95" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.95</b> A significant
                    amount of MBS trading occurs in TBAs. The broker-dealer maintains accounting
                    subledgers that reflect outstanding TBA buy and sell transactions. TBA
                    transactions can be settled by receiving or delivering pools pursuant to the
                    terms of the trade (within 0.01% of the trade amount) or by offsetting the trade
                    through an offsetting TBA purchase or sale. In both cases, accurate subledgers
                    are important to properly calculate the pools received or delivered pursuant to
                    the TBA transactions. Additionally, TBAs have specific margin requirements and
                    net capital treatment.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>