<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_UUID-21975629-2314-416a-b67f-7c32e3eb2545" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Authorization</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.28" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.28</b> Authorization can affect the financial statement assertions
                        both directly and indirectly. For example, even if a transaction is executed
                        outside an entity’s policies, it nonetheless may be recorded and accounted
                        for accurately. However, unauthorized transactions could significantly
                        increase risk to the entity, thereby significantly increasing the risk of
                        material misstatement because they would be undertaken outside the system of
                        internal control. To mitigate this risk, an entity will often establish a
                        clear policy regarding what transactions can be traded by whom, and
                        adherence to this policy will then be monitored by an entity’s
                        administrative and support services. Monitoring trading activities of
                        individuals (for example, by reviewing unusually high volumes or significant
                        gains or losses incurred) will assist management in ensuring compliance with
                        the entity’s policies, including the authorization of new types of
                        transactions, and evaluating whether fraud has occurred.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.29" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.29</b> The function
                        of an entity’s deal initiation records is to identify clearly the nature and
                        purpose of individual transactions and the rights and obligations arising
                        under each financial instrument contract, including the enforceability of
                        the contracts. In addition to the basic financial information, such as a
                        notional amount, complete and accurate records, at a minimum, typically
                        include the</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">identity of the dealer.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">identity of the person recording the transaction (if not the
                                dealer), when the transaction was initiated (including the date and
                                time of the transaction), and how it was recorded in the entity’s
                                information systems.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">nature and purpose of the transaction, including whether it is
                                intended to hedge an underlying commercial exposure.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>