<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-36b93069-418f-360e-617e-fd22a8bcb986_UUID-a3dcb338-75cc-88ff-ec76-d0dac52acad6" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Amounts Excluded from the Assessment of Hedge
                        Effectiveness</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">Current GAAP permits an entity to exclude option premiums and forward
                        points from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. The amendments in this
                        ASU continue to allow an entity to exclude those components of a hedging
                        instrument’s change in fair value from the assessment of hedge
                        effectiveness. Additionally, the amendments permit an entity to exclude the
                        portion of the change in fair value of a currency swap that is attributable
                        to a cross-currency basis spread from the assessment of hedge
                        effectiveness.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">For all types of hedges, if an entity excludes certain portions of a
                        hedging instrument’s change in fair value from the assessment of hedge
                        effectiveness (excluded component), the amendments permit an entity to
                        recognize in earnings the initial value of the excluded component using a
                        systematic and rational method over the life of the hedging instrument. If
                        an entity elects this method, any difference between the change in fair
                        value of the excluded component and amounts recognized under the systematic
                        and rational method is recognized in other comprehensive income, whereas for
                        net investment hedges, the difference is recognized in the cumulative
                        translation adjustment section of other comprehensive income. An entity also
                        may elect to recognize all fair value changes in an excluded component
                        currently in earnings, consistent with current GAAP.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">For fair value and cash flow hedges, an entity should present amounts
                        related to excluded components that are recognized in earnings in the same
                        income statement line item that is used to present the earnings effect of
                        the hedged item. For net investment hedges, the amendments do not specify a
                        required presentation for excluded components.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>