<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-ccbd6894-6572-12b2-66b9-709b7a0d3cb1" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Compliance or Exemption Report Required by SEC Rule 17a-5</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_para-idm53393056658188" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.156</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Compliance
                        report.</i> For a broker-dealer that does not make a claim of
                    exemption from SEC Rule 15c3-3 throughout the most recent fiscal year or
                    otherwise file an exemption report, concurrent with the filing of the annual
                    audited financial report, the broker-dealer files a compliance report. The
                    compliance report should be accompanied by an examination report issued by the
                    independent auditor. If the examination report of the independent public
                    accountant identifies one or more material weaknesses, the broker-dealer is
                    required to make certain notifications to its customers and the report is made
                    available for the customer’s inspection at the principal and regional office
                    (for the region in which the broker-dealer has its principal place of business)
                    of the SEC.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_para-idm53393056653148" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.157</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Exemption
                        report.</i> For a broker-dealer that claims an exemption from SEC
                    Rule 15c3-3 throughout the most recent fiscal year (or is not otherwise required
                    to file a compliance report based on SEC guidance), concurrent with the filing
                    of the annual audited financial report, the broker-dealer files an exemption
                    report. This exemption report should be accompanied by a review report issued by
                    the independent auditor.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_para-idm53393056646744" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.158</b> During the course of the audit, if
                    the independent auditor determines that an instance of noncompliance with the
                    financial responsibility rules or material weakness (as defined by SEC Rule
                    17a-5) exists, the auditor should immediately call it to the attention of the
                    CFO of the broker-dealer, who then has the responsibility of informing the SEC
                    within one business day, under certain circumstances pursuant to SEC Rule 17a-5
                    and/or 17a-11. If a required notification to the SEC does not occur, the auditor
                    has the responsibility of informing the SEC. See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd3/aag-brd3_explanation_of_significant_sec/aag-brd3_sec_rule_15c3_3/aag-brd3_sec_rule_15c3_3.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-b5c58588-b709-5b1b-cf14-a498013dbcf4/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.41">paragraphs 3.41</xref> and <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd3/aag-brd3_explanation_of_significant_sec/aag-brd3_sec_rule_17a_5/aag-brd3_compliance_report/aag-brd3_compliance_report.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-f0a43c41-3cdb-6956-21b0-76cd8f0c5094/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.110">3.110</xref> for further discussion.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>