<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_UUID-43b4fa72-fc97-bc5d-e042-30a8031f2251" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Confirmations</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.24" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.24</b> Paragraph
                        .A4 of AU-C section 505B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">External
                            Confirmations</i>, states that the design of a confirmation
                        request may directly affect the confirmation response rate and the
                        reliability and nature of the audit evidence obtained from responses. For
                        example, a custodian would be able to confirm the existence of financial
                        instruments but may be unable to confirm their valuation, the entity’s
                        rights and obligations with respect to the financial instruments, or their
                        completeness. Additionally, certain respondents’ accounting systems may
                        facilitate the confirmation of single transactions rather than entire
                        account balances, or respondents may not be able to confirm the balances of
                        their installment loans, but they may be able to confirm whether their
                        payments are up to date, the amount of the payment, and the key terms of
                        their loans. Understanding the entity’s arrangements and transactions with
                        third parties is key to determining the information to be confirmed.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.25" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.25</b> Paragraph
                            .07<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i> of AU-C section 505B requires
                        the auditor to select the appropriate confirming party. AU-C section 505B
                        further states that responses to confirmation requests provide more relevant
                        and reliable audit evidence when confirmation requests are sent to a
                        confirming party who the auditor believes is knowledgeable about the
                        information to be confirmed. For example, a financial institution official
                        who is knowledgeable about the transactions or arrangements for which
                        confirmation is requested may be the most appropriate person at the
                        financial institution from whom to request confirmation.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.26" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.26</b> When
                        designing confirmations for financial instruments, auditors might consider
                        confirming the following attributes, as applicable:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The name of the issuer</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The description of the financial instruments</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The name of the owner of the financial instruments or the parties
                                to the financial instrument</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The terms of the financial instrument</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Any evidence of pledging or restrictions on disposal</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The investment certificate numbers on the documents</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The number of shares of stock or face amount of debt
                                securities</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.27" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.27</b> Paragraph
                        .12 of AU-C section 505B states that in the case of each nonresponse, the
                        auditor should perform alternative audit procedures to obtain relevant and
                        reliable audit evidence. Examples include the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Examining source documents, such as invoices or broker’s
                                statements</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Inspecting executed agreements</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Examining cash receipts, disbursements, and trade confirmations
                                subsequent to year-end</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.28" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.28</b> When an
                        electronic confirmation process or system is used, the auditor’s
                        consideration of the risks includes the consideration of risks that the
                        electronic confirmation process is not secure or is improperly controlled.
                            <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="7" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a-aag-afi4-fn7" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph .A13 of AU-C section 505B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">External Confirmations</i>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi4_confirmations.dita#UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_UUID-43b4fa72-fc97-bc5d-e042-30a8031f2251/UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a-aag-afi4-fn7"/>
         </ph> An electronic confirmation system or process that creates a
                        secure confirmation environment may mitigate the risks of interception or
                        alteration. Creating a secure confirmation environment depends on the
                        process or mechanism used by the auditor and respondent to minimize the
                        possibility that the results will be compromised because of interception or
                        alteration of the confirmation. If the auditor is satisfied that such a
                        system or process is secure and properly controlled, evidence provided by
                        responses received using the system or process may be considered reliable.
                        Various means might be used to validate the source of the electronic
                        information. For example, the use of encryption, electronic digital
                        signatures, and procedures to verify website authenticity may improve the
                        security of the electronic confirmation system or process. If a system or
                        process that facilitates electronic confirmation between the auditor and
                        respondent is in place, and the auditor plans to rely on the controls over
                        such a system or process, an assurance trust services report (for example,
                        Systrust) or another assurance report on that system or process may assist
                        the auditor in assessing the design and operating effectiveness of the
                        electronic and manual controls with respect to that system or process. Such
                        an assurance report may address the risks described in paragraph .A13 of
                        AU-C section 505B. If these risks are not adequately addressed in such a
                        report, the auditor may perform additional procedures to address those
                        risks. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="8" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a-aag-afi4-fn8" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph .A15 of AU-C section 505B.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi4_confirmations.dita#UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_UUID-43b4fa72-fc97-bc5d-e042-30a8031f2251/UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a-aag-afi4-fn8"/>
         </ph> For example, the auditor may determine that it is appropriate to
                        address such risks by directly contacting the purported sender (for example,
                        by telephone) to validate the identity of the sender of the response and to
                        validate that the information received by the auditor corresponds to what
                        was transmitted by the sender.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>