<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_UUID-8755dd47-7cbf-cc60-79f1-7ded4a385c49" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Analytical Procedures</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.29" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.29</b> Analytical procedures are based on
                        relationships between data. The more predictable the relationships, the more
                        precise the auditor’s expectation of the financial statement account. The
                        value of many financial instruments can be highly volatile, making valuation
                        assertions about them ill-suited to testing via analytical procedures.
                        Additionally, the accounting for many financial instruments is based on
                        underlying assumptions that, oftentimes, are quite subjective. Finally, the
                        accounting for financial instruments may be highly dependent on management’s
                        intention. For example, the classification of debt and equity securities
                        depends on management’s ability and intent with regard to holding those
                        financial instruments. The accounting for derivatives depends on
                        management’s objectives in entering into those financial instruments’
                        transactions.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.30" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.30</b> For these reasons, performing
                        analytical procedures alone may not sufficiently reduce audit risk for some
                        assertions about financial instruments. For example, analytical procedures
                        would not be effective in determining whether an embedded derivative has
                        been properly recognized in the financial statements or in evaluating the
                        fair value of a financial instrument whose value fluctuates greatly.
                        However, they may be effective in pointing out unrecorded derivatives, such
                        as interest rate swaps that contractually require no cash at inception. For
                        example, a difference from an expectation that interest expense will be a
                        fixed percentage of a note based on the interest provisions of the
                        underlying agreement may indicate the existence of an interest rate swap
                        agreement. Also, analytical procedures based on expectations of
                        relationships between income and assets may provide some evidence about
                        existence and completeness assertions.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.31" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.31</b> Analytical procedures may also be
                        effective in corroborating the occurrence of income and expenses and,
                        sometimes, gains and losses associated with a financial instrument. For
                        example, the absence of a material difference from an expectation that
                        interest income will be a fixed percentage of a debt security based on the
                        effective interest rate when the entity purchased the security provides
                        evidence about the existence of the income (and the security). However,
                        auditors might consider that the income, expenses, gains, and losses
                        associated with a financial instrument may involve a complex interplay of
                        many factors. For example, if the fair value of a derivative is derived from
                        the interrelationship of exchange rates, interest rates, rate differentials,
                        or a combination of these, any attempts to develop an expectation of a
                        financial statement amount may be difficult.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.32" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.32</b> Many of the auditor’s procedures can
                        be used to address a number of assertions. For example, procedures to
                        address the existence of an account balance at period-end will also address
                        the occurrence of a class of transactions and may also assist in
                        establishing proper cut-off because financial instruments arise from legal
                        contracts, and by verifying the accuracy of the recording of the
                        transaction, the auditor can also verify its existence and obtain evidence
                        to support the occurrence and rights and obligations assertions at the same
                        time and can confirm that transactions are recorded in the correct
                        accounting period.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>