<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-89fb7636-2763-6295-b240-e60762c75eba" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Brokerage</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.65" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.65</b> Broker-dealers can earn commissions by
                    buying or selling securities and commodities on their customers' behalf.
                    Broker-dealers' handling of customers' funds and securities is subject to rules
                    administered by the SEC, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System
                    (Federal Reserve Board), and self-regulatory organizations. Although the
                    specific definition of the term <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">customer</i>
                    varies in the SEC's rules, SEC Rule 15c3-3 defines customer as “any person from
                    whom or on whose behalf a broker or dealer has received or acquired or holds
                    funds or securities for the account of that person.” The rule excludes certain
                    categories of persons from the definition, including broker-dealers, municipal
                    securities dealers, and government securities broker-dealers. It also excludes
                    general partners, directors, and principal officers of the broker-dealer and any
                    other person to the extent that person has a claim for property or funds which
                    by contract, agreement or understanding, or by operation of law, is part of the
                    capital of the broker-dealer or is subordinated to the claims of creditors of
                    the broker-dealer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.66" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.66</b> Broker-dealers regularly finance the
                    transactions of their customers. The initial extension of credit by
                    broker-dealers is governed by Regulation T of the Federal Reserve Board.
                    Regulation T classifies transactions into specifically defined accounts. Most
                    transactions with customers are done in cash or margin accounts.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.67" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.67</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Cash
                        account</i>. In a cash account, the customer pays in full within a
                    specified settlement period for any security purchased. Regulation T generally
                    requires cash payment by the customer for the purchase of securities within two
                    business days after settlement date; however, a self-regulatory organization or
                    national securities association may grant an extension of time before payment is
                    required. If the customer does not make timely payment for the securities,
                    Regulation T requires the broker-dealer to promptly cancel or liquidate the
                    transaction. In general, the broker-dealer will hold the customer responsible
                    for any resulting loss.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.68" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.68</b> If a customer sells securities, the
                    customer must promptly deliver the certificates to the broker-dealer. Either the
                    proceeds of a sale will be credited to the customer's account on the settlement
                    date, or if requested, a disbursement check will be sent to the customer. In
                    general, under SEC Rule 15c3-3, if the broker-dealer does not receive the
                    securities sold within 10 business days of the settlement date, the
                    broker-dealer is required to close the transaction with the customer by
                    purchasing securities of like kind and quantity. Again, the broker-dealer will
                    hold the customer responsible for any resulting loss.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.69" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.69</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Margin
                        accounts</i>. Under Regulation T, the broker-dealer is required to
                    record the purchase or sale of securities by customers on other-than-immediate
                    cash settlement terms in a margin account. A purchase on margin contemplates a
                    prolonged extension of credit to the customer by the broker-dealer. The maximum
                    amount of initial credit is prescribed by Regulation T. The maximum amount of
                    credit the broker-dealer can extend beyond the initial transaction is prescribed
                    by the rules of the appropriate self-regulatory organization. Customer margin
                    requirements relating to securities futures are prescribed by joint final rules
                    issued by the SEC and the CFTC in August 2002.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.70" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.70</b> If the amount of equity in the customer's
                    account is below the amount required to cover the initial margin, Regulation T
                    requires the broker-dealer to eliminate the margin deficiency within five
                    calendar days after it was created or increased. When a deficiency arises, the
                    broker-dealer will normally issue a call for margin from the customer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.71" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.71</b> The customer can satisfy the margin call
                    by making additional margin deposits of cash or securities. If the customer does
                    not make the deposits within the specified time, including approved extensions
                    of time by a self-regulatory organization or national securities association,
                    Regulation T requires the broker-dealer to liquidate securities sufficient to
                    satisfy the required margin. Broker-dealers also have self-imposed margin
                    requirements that are generally more stringent than the Federal Reserve System
                    or self-regulatory organization requirements.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.72" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.72</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounts carried
                        for other brokers</i>. Clearing brokers maintain the customer
                    accounts of introducing brokers. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Fully disclosed
                        accounts</i> are accounts of the introducing broker's customers
                    carried on the books of a clearing broker. In a fully disclosed account, the
                    introducing broker's customers are treated as if they were the clearing broker's
                    own customers, except that correspondence to customers usually refers to the
                    introducing broker by including a phrase such as "through the courtesy of
                        [<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">the introducing broker's name</i>]." The
                    clearing broker maintains the customers' accounts and is usually responsible for
                    collecting the purchase price, commission, and other fees from the customers.
                    However, the introducing broker generally indemnifies the clearing broker for
                    uncollected amounts from any resulting unsecured accounts of the introducing
                    broker's customers. The clearing broker and the introducing broker enter into a
                    contract that describes the distribution of commissions between brokers.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.73" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.73</b> In contrast, an <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">omnibus account</i> is an account of the introducing broker that is
                    carried on the books of the clearing broker and represents the sum of the
                    activity of customers of the introducing broker. The introducing broker's
                    customer accounts are carried separately on the books of the introducing broker.
                    For an omnibus account, the introducing broker prepares and sends confirmations
                    and monthly statements to customers, maintains customers' accounts and margin
                    records, and retains most of the responsibility for compliance with regulatory
                    matters.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>