<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-36b93069-418f-360e-617e-fd22a8bcb986_UUID-34359b20-4e69-a878-c6ca-5e58f85135f3" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">FASB ASU No. 2019-05, Financial Instruments — Credit Losses (Topic
                        326): Targeted Transition Relief</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">In May 2019, FASB issued ASU No. 2019-05, to provide entities that have
                        certain instruments within the scope of FASB ASC 326-20 with an option to
                        irrevocably elect the fair value option applied on an
                        instrument-by-instrument basis for certain financial assets upon the
                        adoption of FASB ASC 326, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Financial Instruments —
                            Credit Losses</i>. The fair value option election does not apply
                        to held-to-maturity debt securities. An entity that elects the fair value
                        option should subsequently apply the guidance in FASB ASC 820-10 and
                        825-10.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">For entities that have not yet adopted the amendments in ASU No. 2016-13,
                        the effective date and transition methodology for the amendments in ASU No.
                        2019-05 are the same as in ASU No. 2016-13.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">For entities that have adopted the amendments in ASU No. 2016-13, the
                        amendments in ASU No. 2019-05 are effective for fiscal years beginning after
                        December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years.
                        Early adoption is permitted in any interim period after the issuance of ASU
                        No. 2019-05, as long as an entity has adopted the amendments in ASU No.
                        2016-13.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>