<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_UUID-7e82e029-dbd6-6b8d-bfea-26b00d2afdc6" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Assertions About Financial Instruments Based on Management’s Intent and
                    Ability</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_aag-afi6.07" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.07</b> Financial
                    reporting frameworks may require that management’s intent and ability be
                    considered in valuing certain financial instruments, as follows:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Whether debt securities are classified as held to maturity and
                            reported at their cost depends on management’s intent and ability to
                            hold them to their maturity, as well as management’s assessment of
                            whether it is more likely than not that they will be required to sell
                            the security before the recovery of its amortized cost basis.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Whether equity securities are reported using the equity method depends
                            on management’s ability to significantly influence the investee.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Whether equity securities are classified as trading or available for
                            sale depends on management’s intent and objectives in investing in the
                            financial instruments.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_aag-afi6.08" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.08</b> In evaluating
                    management’s intent and ability, the auditor might</p>
      <ul class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">obtain an understanding of the process used by management to classify
                            financial instruments as trading, available for sale, or held to
                            maturity.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">for an investment accounted for using the equity method, inquire of
                            management regarding whether the entity has the ability to exercise
                            significant influence over the operating and financial policies of the
                            investee and evaluate the attendant circumstances that serve as a basis
                            for management’s conclusions.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">if the entity accounts for the investment contrary to the presumption
                            established by the applicable financial reporting framework for use of
                            the equity method, obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence about
                            whether that presumption has been overcome and whether appropriate
                            disclosure is made regarding the reasons for not accounting for the
                            investment in keeping with that presumption.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">consider whether management’s activities corroborate or conflict with
                            its stated intent. For example, the auditor might evaluate an assertion
                            that management intends to hold debt securities to their maturity by
                            examining evidence such as documentation of management’s strategies and
                            sales and other historical activities with respect to those financial
                            instruments and similar financial instruments.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">determine whether the applicable financial reporting framework
                            requires management to document its intentions and specify the content
                            and timeliness of that documentation. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
                  <fn callout="6" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c-aag-afi6-fn6" class="- topic/fn ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraphs 1–2 of FASB <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting
                                        Standards Codification</i> (ASC) 320-10-25 require an
                                    investor to classify and document the classification of debt
                                    securities into one of three categories at their acquisition:
                                    held to maturity, available for sale, or trading.</p>
                  </fn>
                  <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi6_assertions_about_financial_instruments.dita#UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_UUID-7e82e029-dbd6-6b8d-bfea-26b00d2afdc6/UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c-aag-afi6-fn6"/>
               </ph> The auditor might inspect the documentation and obtain audit
                            evidence about its timeliness. Unlike the formal documentation required
                            for hedging activities, audit evidence supporting the classification of
                            debt and equity securities may be more informal. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
                  <fn callout="7" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c-aag-afi6-fn7" class="- topic/fn ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">FASB ASC 825-10-05-5 permits entities to choose to measure
                                    many financial instruments and certain other items at fair value
                                    that are not currently required to be measured at fair value.
                                    FASB ASC 825-10-50 also establishes presentation and disclosure
                                    requirements designed to facilitate comparisons between entities
                                    that choose different measurement attributes for similar types
                                    of assets and liabilities. FASB ASC 825-10-50 does not eliminate
                                    disclosure requirements included in other accounting standards,
                                    including requirements for disclosures about fair value
                                    measurements included in FASB ASC 820, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Fair Value Measurement</i>.</p>
                  </fn>
                  <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi6_assertions_about_financial_instruments.dita#UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_UUID-7e82e029-dbd6-6b8d-bfea-26b00d2afdc6/UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c-aag-afi6-fn7"/>
               </ph>
            </p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">determine whether management’s activities, contractual agreements, or
                            the entity’s financial condition provide evidence of its ability, as
                            follows:</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">The entity’s financial position, working capital needs,
                                    operating results, debt agreements, guarantees, alternate
                                    sources of liquidity, and other relevant contractual
                                    obligations, as well as laws and regulations, may provide
                                    evidence about an entity’s ability to hold debt financial
                                    instruments to their maturity.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Management’s cash flow projections may suggest that it does
                                    not have the ability to hold debt financial instruments to their
                                    maturity.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Management’s inability to obtain information from an investee
                                    may suggest that it does not have the ability to significantly
                                    influence the investee.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">If the entity asserts that it maintains effective control over
                                    financial instruments transferred under a repurchase agreement,
                                    the contractual agreement may be such that the entity actually
                                    surrendered control over the financial instruments and,
                                    therefore, should account for the transfer as a sale instead of
                                    a secured borrowing.</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>