<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-da0f3fe1-104c-cce5-b8ae-7ff2b4c7f404" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Secured Borrowings</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.89" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.89</b> FASB ASC
                        860-30 provides guidance related to transfers of financial assets <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="14" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn14" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Some of the items subject to this guidance are financial
                                instruments. For guidance on matters related broadly to all
                                financial instruments, including the fair value option, see FASB ASC
                                825, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Financial
                                Instruments</i>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd5_secured_borrowings.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-da0f3fe1-104c-cce5-b8ae-7ff2b4c7f404/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn14"/>
         </ph> that are accounted for as secured borrowings with a transfer of
                        collateral. This guidance applies to transactions in which cash is obtained
                        in exchange for financial assets with an obligation to enter into an
                        opposite exchange at a later date, including repurchase agreements, dollar
                        rolls, and securities lending transactions. FASB ASC 860-30-25-2 notes that
                        the transferor and transferee should account for a transfer as a secured
                        borrowing with a pledge of collateral in either of the following
                        circumstances:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">If a transfer of an entire financial asset, a group of entire
                                financial assets, or a participating interest in an entire financial
                                asset does not meet the conditions for a sale in FASB ASC
                                860-10-40-5</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">If a transfer of a portion of an entire financial asset does not
                                meet the definition of a <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">participating
                                    interest</i>
            </p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">In either of these circumstances, the transferor should continue to report
                        the transferred financial asset on its statement of financial condition with
                        no change in the asset’s measurement (for example, its basis of
                        accounting).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.90" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.90</b> Repurchase
                        agreements and securities lending transactions are required to be evaluated
                        under each of the conditions for derecognition in accordance with FASB ASC
                        860-10-40-5. FASB ASC 860-10-55-51 states that repurchase agreements and
                        securities lending transactions that do not meet all the conditions in FASB
                        ASC 860-10-40-5 should be treated as secured borrowings.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.91" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.91</b> Many
                        repurchase agreements and securities lending transactions are accompanied by
                        an agreement that both entitles and obligates the transferor to repurchase
                        or redeem transferred financial assets from the transferee before the
                        maturity date of the transferred assets which maintains the transferor’s
                        effective control over those assets under FASB ASC 860-10-40-5(c)(1),
                        provided that all the conditions in FASB ASC 860-10-40-24 <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="15" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn15" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_statement_of_financial_condition/aag-brd5_transfers_of_financial_assets/aag-brd5_sale_treatment_of_transferred/aag-brd5_sale_treatment_of_transferred.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-331de13d-a313-0fc9-9d0d-2b096969bd8c/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.87">paragraph 5.87</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd5_secured_borrowings.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-da0f3fe1-104c-cce5-b8ae-7ff2b4c7f404/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn15"/>
         </ph> are met. Those transactions should be accounted for as secured
                        borrowings in which either cash or securities received as collateral that
                        the holder is permitted, by contract or by custom, to sell or repledge is
                        considered the amount borrowed. In a securities lending transaction, the
                        securities loaned are considered pledged as collateral against the cash
                        borrowed and therefore reclassified as pledged, separately from other assets
                        not so encumbered, as set forth in FASB ASC 860-30-25-5(a).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.92" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.92</b> Paragraphs
                        5A and 24A of FASB ASC 860-10-40 state that a repo-to-maturity transaction,
                        referring to a repurchase of the same (or substantially the same) financial
                        asset, should be accounted for as a secured borrowing as if the transferor
                        maintains effective control, notwithstanding the characteristics discussed
                        in paragraphs 24–24A of FASB ASC 860-10-40.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.93" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.93</b> FASB ASC
                        860-30-25-5 states that the accounting for noncash collateral by the obligor
                        (or debtor) and the secured party depends on whether the secured party has
                        the right to sell or repledge the collateral and whether the debtor has
                        defaulted. As noted in FASB ASC 860-30-25-4, in certain cases, cash
                        collateral should be derecognized by the payer (obligor) and recognized by
                        the recipient (secured party) as proceeds of either a sale or borrowing,
                        rather than as collateral. FASB ASC 860-30 provides additional guidance on
                        accounting for collateral.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.94" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.94</b> FASB ASC
                        860-30-25-8 states that the transferor of securities being loaned accounts
                        for cash received in the same way whether the transfer is accounted for as a
                        sale or secured borrowing. Cash collateral or securities received as
                        collateral that a securities lender is permitted to sell or repledge are the
                        proceeds of a borrowing secured by them. The cash received should be
                        recognized as the transferor’s asset — as should investments made with that
                        cash, even if made by agents or in pools with other securities lenders —
                        along with the obligation to return the cash. If securities that may be sold
                        or repledged are received, the transferor of the securities being loaned
                        accounts for those securities in the same way as it would account for cash
                        received.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.95" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.95</b> Balances
                        arising from securities lending transactions that are accounted for as
                        secured borrowings are reported gross on the statement of financial
                        condition unless all the criteria for offsetting in FASB ASC 210-20-45-11
                        are met.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>