<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_UUID-454ac93a-91a5-362a-db6c-d358ef5db072" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Substantive Procedures</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.15" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.15</b> Designing
                    substantive procedures includes consideration of</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the use of analytical procedures. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
                  <fn callout="5" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a-aag-afi4-fn5" class="- topic/fn ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph .06<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i> of AU-C
                                    section 315B requires the auditor to apply analytical procedures
                                    as risk assessment procedures to assist in assessing the risks
                                    of material misstatement in order to provide a basis for
                                    designing and implementing responses to the assessed risks.
                                    Paragraph .06 of AU-C section 520B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Analytical Procedures</i>, requires the auditor to
                                    use analytical procedures in forming an overall conclusion on
                                    the financial statements. Analytical procedures may also be
                                    applied at other stages of the audit.</p>
                  </fn>
                  <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi4_substantive_procedures.dita#UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_UUID-454ac93a-91a5-362a-db6c-d358ef5db072/UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a-aag-afi4-fn5"/>
               </ph> Although analytical procedures undertaken by the auditor can
                            be effective as risk assessment procedures to provide the auditor with
                            information about an entity’s business, they may be less effective as
                            substantive procedures when performed alone because the complex
                            interplay of the drivers of the valuation often mask any unusual trends
                            that might arise.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">nonroutine transactions. Many financial transactions are negotiated
                            contracts between an entity and its counterparty (often known as over
                            the counter [OTC]). To the extent that financial instrument transactions
                            are not routine and outside an entity’s normal activities, a substantive
                            audit approach may be the most effective means of achieving the planned
                            audit objectives. In instances when financial instrument transactions
                            are not undertaken routinely, the auditor’s responses to assessed risk,
                            including designing and performing audit procedures, take into
                            consideration the entity’s possible lack of experience in this
                            area.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">availability of evidence. For example, when the entity uses a
                            third-party pricing source, evidence concerning the relevant financial
                            statement assertions may not be available from the entity.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">procedures performed in other audit areas. Procedures performed in
                            other financial statement areas may provide evidence about the
                            completeness of financial instrument transactions. These procedures may
                            include tests of subsequent cash receipts and payments and the search
                            for unrecorded liabilities.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the selection of items for testing. In some cases, the financial
                            instrument portfolio will comprise instruments with varying complexity
                            and risk. In such cases, judgmental selection of items may be
                            useful.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.16" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.16</b> For example, in
                    the case of an asset-backed security, in responding to the risks of material
                    misstatement for such a security, the auditor may consider performing some of
                    the following audit procedures related to the valuation assertion:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Examining contractual documentation to understand the terms of the
                            security, the underlying collateral, and the rights of each class of
                            security holder</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Inquiring about management’s process of estimating cash flows</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Evaluating the reasonableness of assumptions, such as prepayment
                            rates, default rates, and loss reserves</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Obtaining an understanding of the method used to determine the cash
                            flow "waterfall"</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Comparing the results of the fair value measurement with the
                            valuations of other financial instruments with similar underlying
                            collateral and terms</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reperforming calculations</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>