<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-46646429-4d41-f85b-32a7-34c8a75997de" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Possession or Control</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.124" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.124</b> Customers'
                    fully paid or excess-margin securities should be reduced to the possession or
                    control of the broker-dealer within the time frame specified in SEC Rule 15c3-3.
                    Permissible control locations include box, segregation, and safekeeping.
                    Safekeeping securities are customers' securities fully paid for and held in
                    custody by the broker-dealer for the accounts of customers. Safekeeping
                    securities are normally registered in the name of the customer. Segregated
                    securities are securities that have been reduced to the possession or control of
                    the broker-dealer for the benefit of customers who have fully paid for them or
                    securities of margin customers in excess of margin requirements. They are
                    registered in the name of the broker-dealer or its nominee. Securities may be
                    held in book entry or physical form at approved depositories, such as the DTC.
                    Customer and proprietary accounts of broker-dealers (PAB) fully paid and
                    excess-margin securities are required to be held in segregated accounts, as
                    specified in SEC Rule 15c3-3.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.125" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.125</b> Securities
                    usually are transferred to and from possession or control on the basis of
                    instructions prepared by the margin department. The instructions reflect the
                    following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The customer's name</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The quantity and description of the security</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The date the instructions were prepared</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The customer's account number</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.126" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.126</b> The ownership
                    of securities that should be reduced to possession or control is usually
                    indicated by means of additional columns or codes in the securities record.
                    Instructions for the segregation or release from segregation of securities are
                    issued by the margin department, frequently through an automated system. These
                    instructions are processed into the broker-dealer's stock record, and total
                    customer segregation requirements are compared with the total quantity of
                    specific securities currently in possession or control. This comparison
                    generates a report to the cashier's department indicating, by issue, the number
                    of shares pending to be placed in segregation by the cashier or the number of
                    shares in excess of requirements that may be removed from segregation by the
                    cashier. The cashier's department carries out the instructions generated by this
                    comparison, which is produced on a daily basis. This system (commonly known as
                    bulk segregation) does not relate certificates to specific customers; as an
                    alternative, some firms may use specific identification for determining their
                    segregation requirements.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.127" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.127</b> Securities
                    pending safekeeping or segregation (securities designated to be placed in
                    safekeeping or segregation) may be fail-to-receive items, transfer items, out on
                    loan to another broker, or collateral for bank loans. SEC Rule 15c3-3 limits the
                    length of time during which securities can remain in those locations before the
                    broker-dealer should take action to bring the securities into possession and
                    control.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.128" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.128</b> SEC Rule
                    15c3-3(b)(5) states that a broker or dealer is required to obtain and thereafter
                    maintain the physical possession or control of securities carried for a PAB
                    account, unless the broker or dealer has provided written notice to the account
                    holder that the securities may be used in the ordinary course of its securities
                    business and has provided an opportunity for the account holder to
                    object.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>