<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_UUID-70a9e115-2a78-47bb-db5d-6dc729a62378" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Evaluating Whether the Assumptions Used by Management Are
                Reasonable</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_aag-afi5.25" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.25</b> An assumption used
                in a model may be deemed to be significant if a reasonable variation in the
                assumption would materially affect the measurement of the financial instrument.
                    <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="10" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e-aag-afi5-fn10" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">See paragraph .A113 of AU-C section 540B.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi5_evaluating_whether_the_assumptions.dita#UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_UUID-70a9e115-2a78-47bb-db5d-6dc729a62378/UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e-aag-afi5-fn10"/>
         </ph> Management may have considered alternative assumptions or outcomes by
                performing a sensitivity analysis. The extent of subjectivity associated with
                assumptions influences the degree of measurement uncertainty and may lead the
                auditor to conclude that a significant risk exits (for example, in the case of Level
                3 inputs).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_aag-afi5.26" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.26</b> For items valued by
                the entity using a valuation model, the auditor does not function as an appraiser.
                Rather, the auditor reviews the model and evaluates whether the assumptions used are
                reasonable, and the model is appropriate, considering the entity’s circumstances.
                For example, it may be inappropriate to use discounted cash flows for valuing an
                equity investment in a start-up enterprise if no current revenues exist on which to
                base the forecast of future earnings or cash flows.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_aag-afi5.27" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.27</b> Audit procedures to
                test the assumptions used by management, including those used as inputs to models,
                may include evaluating whether</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">and, if so, how management has incorporated market inputs into the
                        development of assumptions because it is generally preferable to seek to
                        maximize the use of relevant observable inputs and minimize unobservable
                        inputs.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the assumptions are consistent with observable market conditions and the
                        characteristics of the financial asset or liability.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the sources of market-participant assumptions are relevant and reliable
                        and how management has selected the assumptions to use when a number of
                        different marketplace assumptions exist.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">sensitivity analyses indicate that valuations would change significantly
                        with only small or moderate changes in assumptions.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">See paragraphs .A78–.A84 of AU-C section 540B for further considerations relative
                to evaluating the assumptions used by management.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_aag-afi5.28" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.28</b> The auditor’s
                consideration of judgments about the future is based on information available at the
                time at which the judgment is made. Subsequent events may result in outcomes that
                are inconsistent with judgments that were reasonable at the time they were
                made.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_aag-afi5.29" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.29</b> Audit procedures
                dealing with management’s assumptions are performed in the context of the audit of
                the entity’s financial statements. The objective of the audit procedures is,
                therefore, not intended to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to provide
                an opinion on the assumptions themselves. Rather, the auditor performs procedures to
                evaluate whether the assumptions provide a reasonable basis for measuring fair
                values in the context of an audit of the financial statements as a whole.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_aag-afi5.30" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.30</b> Identifying those
                assumptions that appear to be significant to the fair value measurement requires the
                exercise of judgment by management. The auditor focuses attention on the significant
                assumptions that management has identified. Generally, significant assumptions cover
                matters that materially affect the fair value measurement and may include those that
                are</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">sensitive to variation or uncertainty in amount or nature. (For example,
                        assumptions about short-term interest rates may be less susceptible to
                        significant variation compared with assumptions about long-term interest
                        rates.)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">susceptible to misapplication or bias.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_aag-afi5.31" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.31</b> The auditor may
                consider the sensitivity of the valuation to changes in significant assumptions,
                including market conditions that may affect the value. When applicable, the auditor
                may encourage management to use techniques such as sensitivity analysis to help
                identify particularly sensitive assumptions. If management has not identified
                particularly sensitive assumptions, the auditor considers whether to employ
                techniques to identify those assumptions.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_aag-afi5.32" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.32</b> The evaluation of
                whether the assumptions provide a reasonable basis for the fair value measurements
                relates to the whole set of assumptions, as well as each assumption individually.
                Assumptions are frequently interdependent and, therefore, need to be internally
                consistent. A particular assumption that may appear reasonable when taken in
                isolation may not be reasonable when used in conjunction with other assumptions. The
                auditor is required to obtain an understanding of how management makes the
                accounting estimates and the data on which they are based. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="11" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e-aag-afi5-fn11" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph .08<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">c</i> of AU-C section
                        540B.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi5_evaluating_whether_the_assumptions.dita#UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_UUID-70a9e115-2a78-47bb-db5d-6dc729a62378/UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e-aag-afi5-fn11"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>