<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-3022d2d5-d163-3012-b64d-aafce1684168_UUID-bc00882c-d400-cc58-09c1-2cafe577b029" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Accounting Content</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">FinREC is the designated senior committee of the AICPA authorized to speak for the
                AICPA in the areas of financial accounting and reporting. Conforming changes made to
                the financial accounting and reporting guidance contained in this guide are approved
                by the FinREC chair (or the FinREC chair’s designee). Updates made to the financial
                accounting and reporting guidance in this guide exceeding that of conforming changes
                are approved by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the members of
                FinREC.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">This guide does the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Identifies certain requirements set forth in the FASB <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting Standards
                            Codification</i>
               <sup class="+ topic/ph hi-d/sup ">®</sup> (ASC).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Describes FinREC’s understanding of prevalent or sole industry practice
                        concerning certain issues. In addition, this guide may indicate that FinREC
                        expresses a preference for the prevalent or sole industry practice, or it
                        may indicate that FinREC expresses a preference for another practice that is
                        not the prevalent or sole industry practice; alternatively, FinREC may
                        express no view on a matter.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Identifies certain other, but not necessarily all, industry practices
                        concerning certain accounting issues without expressing FinREC’s views on
                        them.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Provides guidance that has been supported by FinREC on the accounting,
                        reporting, or disclosure treatment of transactions or events that are not
                        set forth in the FASB ASC.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Accounting guidance for nongovernmental entities included in an AICPA guide is a
                source of nonauthoritative accounting guidance. FASB ASC is the authoritative source
                of U.S. accounting and reporting standards for nongovernmental entities, in addition
                to guidance issued by the SEC. AICPA members should be prepared to justify
                departures from GAAP, as discussed in the “Accounting Principles Rule” (<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps/code_of_professional_conduct_revised/et-cod_part1/et-cod1.320/et-cod1.320.001/et-cod1.320.001.dita#UUID-c26439e4-a790-9dc4-46bf-90407b41f06b_UUID-6d9ce657-4cf6-1020-b1f9-094a5a4d7557">ET sec. 1.320.001</xref> and <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps/code_of_professional_conduct_revised/et-cod_part2/et-cod2.320/et-cod2.320.001/et-cod2.320.001.dita#UUID-00cfc519-c197-10f0-9971-3b1811537224_UUID-72869581-effb-dd80-b710-c499905c002d">2.320.001</xref>) of the AICPA Code of Professional Conduct. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="1" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">All ET sections can be found in AICPA <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps.dita#UUID-31e5d376-7dc9-0bde-c2d8-e38aa3d16588">
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Professional Standards</i>
                  </xref>. <unknown id="UUID-3022d2d5-d163-3012-b64d-aafce1684168_N661755d17d1f5" class="- topic/unknown ">AICPA Professional Standards</unknown>
               </p>
            </fn>
         </ph>
         <unknown id="UUID-3022d2d5-d163-3012-b64d-aafce1684168_N661755d177cbb" class="- topic/unknown ">1.320.001    Accounting Principles Rule</unknown>
         <unknown id="UUID-3022d2d5-d163-3012-b64d-aafce1684168_N661755d17ac93" class="- topic/unknown ">2.320.001    Accounting Principles Rule</unknown>
      </p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">AICPA guides also include guidance from <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Technical Questions and
                    Answers</i> (Q&amp;A). <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="2" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Log in to the AICPA website to download the full text of the publication
                        at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.aicpa-cima.com/resources/download/aicpa-technical-questions-and-answers-at-your-fingertips">https://www.aicpa-cima.com/resources/download/aicpa-technical-questions-and-answers-at-your-fingertips</xref>.
                        The publication is fully searchable with bookmarking that allows users to
                        navigate directly to a desired section.</p>
            </fn>
         </ph> The Q&amp;As are not sources of authoritative accounting principles as
                described in the FASB ASC but have been included to reflect selected practice
                matters identified by the staff of the AICPA's Technical Hotline and various other
                bodies within the AICPA. These Q&amp;As have not been approved, disapproved, or
                otherwise acted upon by any senior technical committee of the AICPA.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>