<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-e0d585fa-4bdc-d68e-7cb2-1f181ed97f38" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Subordinated Borrowings</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393212210948" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.90</b> Broker-dealers often have loans with
                    affiliated entities or persons of the broker-dealer (for example, a partner,
                    parent entity, principal shareholder, officer, employee, or family relation of
                    the foregoing). These loans may be cash loans or secured demand notes.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393212215798" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.91</b> In a typical subordinated cash loan
                    agreement, the lender lends cash to the broker-dealer and in return receives
                    from the broker-dealer a written promise in the form of a note that sets forth
                    the repayment terms, interest rate, and provisions under which the lender agrees
                    to subordinate its claims to the claims of the general creditors of the
                    broker-dealer. The broker-dealer records this liability on their general
                    ledger.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393212220958" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.92</b> A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">secured
                        demand note</i> is an interest-bearing promissory note executed by
                    the lender and is payable upon demand of the broker-dealer to which it is
                    contributed. These notes are generally collateralized by marketable securities,
                    of which the lender retains ownership. Upon demand, the note becomes due and
                    collectible. The right to demand payment may be conditioned upon the occurrence
                    of certain events. The securities received as collateral and cash, if any, would
                    be recorded in a secured demand note account similar to a customer account. (See
                        <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd6/aag-brd6_stattement_of_financial_condition/aag-brd6_securities_owned_and_securities/aag-brd6_securities_owned_and_securities.dita#UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-1d2f7967-154b-2679-250a-511063823936/UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393211958458">paragraph 6.85</xref> of this chapter, which discusses the financial
                    reporting treatment of collateral.)</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393212227742" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.93</b> Subordinated borrowings should be
                    subject to a satisfactory subordination agreement or secured demand note
                    approved by the broker-dealer's designated examining authority or
                    self-regulatory organization to qualify as capital for purposes of computing the
                    broker-dealer's net capital in accordance with Appendix D of SEC Rule 15c3-1.
                    Although treated similarly for net capital purposes, subordinated borrowings and
                    ownership equity must be presented separately in the statement of financial
                    condition.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393212234038" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.94</b> Because of the unique characteristics
                    of qualifying subordinated borrowings, disclosure of the amount of subordinated
                    debt for which six months' notice has been given of intent to withdraw should be
                    made in the notes to the financial statements.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>