<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24_UUID-11f87863-e3fe-48a6-7f78-7b0ff818a8e1" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Observations</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24_aag-afi10.14" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">10.14</b> JLM’s fixed-rate bond obligation together
                    with the interest rate swap it entered into is economically equal to a
                    variable-rate obligation as a result of entering into the interest rate swap.
                    For example, interest expense for the quarter ended June 30, 20X1, was $21,250,
                    consisting of $20,000 paid under the bond plus $1,250 paid under the swap. This
                    equals interest on the bond at the variable rate of 8.5% ($1,000,000 × 8.5% ×
                    3/12 = $21,250). Due to the fact that the benchmark interest rate increased
                    during the first 5 months of the hedging relationship, the fair value of the
                    interest rate swap decreased, resulting in JLM making net interest cash payments
                    on the settlement dates.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24_aag-afi10.15" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">10.15</b> The fair value of the bond obligation
                    decreased as a result of the increase in the benchmark interest rate. The
                    decrease in the fair value of the bond created unrealized gain that was
                    partially offset by the unrealized loss from the decrease in the fair value of
                    the swap (which resulted in recognizing a liability). The fair value change in
                    the bond obligation was compared with the change in the fair value of the
                    interest rate swap to determine hedge effectiveness (that is, within 80% to 125%
                    of each other). Once determined, the change in the fair value of the bond
                    obligation attributable to changes in the benchmark interest rate was recognized
                    in earnings as an offset to the change in fair value of the interest rate
                    swap.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24_aag-afi10.16" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">10.16</b> The results were that at March 31 and
                    June 30, the changes in fair value of the interest rate swap were highly
                    effective in offsetting the changes in fair value of the bond obligation
                    attributable to changes in the benchmark interest rate. Furthermore, the hedge
                    ineffectiveness (that is, $5,000 at March 31) was recognized currently in
                    earnings.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>