<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-5f40d43c-171f-9783-25c9-178f3d23808d" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Introduction</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.01" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.01</b> Broker-dealers are
                guided in their preparation of financial statements primarily by accounting
                principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). However,
                broker-dealers are further subject to SEC Rule 17a-5 and the Financial and
                Operational Combined Uniform Single (FOCUS) forms thereunder. SEC Rule 17a-5
                requires, in addition to monthly and quarterly filings on the prescribed forms (Form
                X-17A-5 — FOCUS Parts I, II, and IIA), annual audited financial statements that
                include a statement of financial condition, a statement of income <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="1" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c-aag-brd6-fn1" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">In 2018, SEC issued Release Nos. 33-10532; 34-83875; IC-33203,
                            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Disclosure Update and Simplification</i>. Among other
                        requirements, the final rule amended Section 240.17a-5, “Reports to be made
                        by certain brokers and dealers,” to clarify that if there is other
                        comprehensive income in the period(s) presented, the financial report must
                        contain a statement of comprehensive income (as defined in Section 210.1-02
                        of Regulation S-X). In accordance with FASB ASC 220-10-45-1, the statement
                        of comprehensive income may be presented as either (1) a single statement or
                        (2) two separate but consecutive statements, composed of the income
                        statement and a separate statement, which begins with net income and
                        separately presents the components of other comprehensive income, a total of
                        other comprehensive income, and a total of comprehensive income. Readers are
                        encouraged to read the full text of the rule, which is available on the
                        final rules page within the regulations section of <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="http://www.sec.gov">www.sec.gov</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd6_introduction.dita#UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-5f40d43c-171f-9783-25c9-178f3d23808d/UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c-aag-brd6-fn1"/>
         </ph> or operations, a statement of cash flows, a statement of changes in
                ownership equity (stockholders' or members' equity or partners' or sole proprietor's
                capital), and a statement of changes in liabilities subordinated to claims of
                general creditors, and the applicable supplementary schedules (discussed in the
                    “<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../aag-brd/aag-brd6/aag-brd6_supplementary_schedules/aag-brd6_supplementary_schedules.dita#UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-de9f9ea0-e463-5b8d-cada-c7ed054b156d">Supplementary Schedules</xref>” section of this chapter). Paragraph (d)(2) of
                SEC Rule 17a-5 requires that the annual audited financial statements are presented
                in a format consistent with Form X-17A-5 Part II or Form X-17a-5 Part IIA, as
                applicable.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.02" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.02</b> In addition to
                annual audited financial statements, broker-dealers are required to distribute a
                mid-year statement of financial condition, including a footnote containing a
                statement of net capital and required net capital to requesting customers (as
                defined by paragraph (c)(4) of SEC Rule 17a-5). Paragraph (c)(3) of SEC Rule 17a-5
                requires that these unaudited statements are dated six months from the date of the
                audited statements and are to be furnished within 65 days after the date of the
                unaudited statements. Certain financial information may be excluded from these
                statements if requirements prescribed in paragraph (c)(5) of SEC Rule 17a-5 are
                met.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.03" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.03</b> SEC Rule 17a-5(d)
                requires disclosure of a reconciliation of the net capital and reserve requirement
                computations presented as supplementary schedules to the audited financial
                statements and those within the filed FOCUS report, should material differences
                exist. If there are no material differences, a statement that a reconciliation is
                not necessary pursuant to Rule 17a-5(d)(2)(iii) should be made.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.04" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.04</b> In addition to the
                disclosures shown in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../aag-brd/aag-brd6/aag-brd6_financial_statements_and_schedules/aag-brd6_financial_statements_and_schedules.dita#UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-c1b420e1-5f7a-64d9-dd15-ae46cbfe5889/UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6_exhibit_8">exhibit 6-8</xref>, there may be certain other disclosures required under SEC
                Regulation S-X for those companies that are registered under Section 12(b) or 12(g)
                of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the 1934 Act). Regulation S-X does not apply
                to the financial statements filed with the SEC under Rule 17a-5.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.05" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.05</b> Broker-dealers
                commonly prepare their financial statements on a single-year basis, which complies
                with the requirements of SEC Rule 17a-5. Coexisting financial statements for other
                than regulatory filings (such as bank lending requirements or reports to
                shareholders) are also generally prepared on a single-year basis.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.06" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.06</b> In accordance with
                paragraph (d)(5) of SEC Rule 17a-5, broker-dealers are required to file annual
                reports, including the annual audited financial statements (as discussed in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../aag-brd/aag-brd6/aag-brd6_introduction/aag-brd6_introduction.dita#UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-5f40d43c-171f-9783-25c9-178f3d23808d/UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.01">paragraph 6.01</xref> of this chapter), a compliance report or exemption
                report, and the accompanying opinion letters and reports from the independent
                accountant (see <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../aag-brd/aag-brd3/aag-brd3.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2">chapter 3</xref>, “Regulatory Considerations”), within 60 calendar days after
                the end of each fiscal year. SEC Order (Release No. 34-91128, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Order Extending the Annual Reports Filing Deadline for Certain
                    Smaller Broker-Dealers</i>) granted an extension to certain smaller
                broker-dealers, subject to conditions outlined within. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="2" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c-aag-brd6-fn2" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">On February 12, 2021, the SEC issued an order extending the filing
                        deadline for certain smaller broker-dealers to file their annual reports by
                        30 calendar days. The order details can be found at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.sec.gov/rules/other/2021/34-91128.pdf">https://www.sec.gov/rules/other/2021/34-91128.pdf</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd6_introduction.dita#UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-5f40d43c-171f-9783-25c9-178f3d23808d/UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c-aag-brd6-fn2"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.07" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.07</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Compliance report.</i>
         <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="3" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c-aag-brd6-fn3" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../aag-brd/aag-brd3/aag-brd3_annual_compliance_certification/aag-brd3_annual_compliance_certification.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-78adee38-6820-e4e2-6575-85fa873e1943/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3_exhibit_3-1">exhibit 3-1</xref>, “Illustration of Compliance Report Required by SEC
                        Rule 17a-5,” in chapter 3, “Regulatory Considerations,” of this
                        guide.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd6_introduction.dita#UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-5f40d43c-171f-9783-25c9-178f3d23808d/UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c-aag-brd6-fn3"/>
         </ph> In accordance with paragraph (d)(3) of SEC Rule 17a-5, a broker-dealer
                subject to the customer protection requirements of SEC Rule 15c3-3 (a "carrying
                broker-dealer") must file an annual "Compliance Report" containing five statements
                concerning their Internal Controls Over Compliance with the Financial Responsibility
                Rules, defined by paragraph (d)(3) of SEC Rule 17a-5 as those included in SEC Rules
                15c3-1, 15c3-3, 17a-13, or any rule of the designated examining authority of the
                broker-dealer that requires account statements to be sent to the customers of the
                broker-dealer (“Account Statement Rule”). The following statements must be included
                within the compliance report:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Whether the broker-dealer has established and maintained Internal Control
                        Over Compliance, that is, internal controls that provide reasonable
                        assurance that noncompliance will be prevented or detected on a timely
                        basis; <ph class="- topic/ph ">
                  <fn callout="4" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c-aag-brd6-fn4" class="- topic/fn ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">As defined in 17a-5(d)(3)(ii), the term <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Internal Control Over Compliance</i> means internal
                                controls that have the objective of providing the broker or dealer
                                with reasonable assurance that noncompliance with Section
                                240.15c3-1, Section 240.15c3-3, Section 240.17a-13, or any rule of
                                the designated examining authority of the broker or dealer that
                                requires account statements to be sent to the customers of the
                                broker or dealer (an “Account Statement Rule”) will be prevented or
                                detected on a timely basis.</p>
                  </fn>
                  <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd6_introduction.dita#UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-5f40d43c-171f-9783-25c9-178f3d23808d/UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c-aag-brd6-fn4"/>
               </ph>
            </p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Whether the Internal Control Over Compliance of the broker-dealer was
                        effective during the most recent fiscal year and, if applicable, a
                        description of each identified <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">material
                            weakness</i>, as defined in SEC Rule 17a-5;</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Whether the Internal Control Over Compliance of the broker-dealer was
                        effective as of the end of the most recent fiscal year and, if applicable, a
                        description of each identified <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">material
                            weakness</i>, as defined in SEC Rule 17a-5;</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Whether the broker-dealer was in compliance with SEC Rule 15c3-1 and
                        paragraph (e) of SEC Rule 15c3-3 as of the end of the most recent fiscal
                        year and, if applicable, a description of any instance(s) of noncompliance
                        with those rules;</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The information the broker-dealer used to state whether it was in
                        compliance with SEC Rule 15c3-1 and paragraph (e) of SEC Rule15c3-3 as of
                        the end of the most recent fiscal year was derived from the books and
                        records of the broker-dealer.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.08" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.08</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Examination report.</i> With its compliance report, a
                broker-dealer must file an examination report prepared by its independent public
                accountant following PCAOB Attestation Standard No. 1, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Examination
                    Engagements Regarding Compliance Reports of Brokers and Dealers</i>,
                which provides the accountant’s assessment of certain statements made in the
                broker-dealer’s compliance report.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.09" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.09</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Exemption report</i>. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="5" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c-aag-brd6-fn5" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../aag-brd/aag-brd3/aag-brd3_annual_compliance_certification/aag-brd3_annual_compliance_certification.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-78adee38-6820-e4e2-6575-85fa873e1943/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3_exhibit_3-2">exhibit 3-2</xref>, “Illustrations of Exemption Reports Required by SEC
                        Rule 17a-5,” in chapter 3 of this guide.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd6_introduction.dita#UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-5f40d43c-171f-9783-25c9-178f3d23808d/UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c-aag-brd6-fn5"/>
         </ph> A noncarrying broker-dealer that claimed an exemption per the provisions
                in paragraph (k) of SEC Rule 15c3-3 throughout the most recent fiscal year must file
                an exemption report specifying the exemption on which it is relying. A broker-dealer
                must state in the report that it met the exemption provisions throughout the year
                without exceptions, or with exceptions, which must be described in the report to the
                broker-dealer’s best knowledge and belief. As described in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../aag-brd/aag-brd3/aag-brd3_explanation_of_significant_sec/aag-brd3_sec_rule_17a_5/aag-brd3_compliance_report/aag-brd3_compliance_report.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-f0a43c41-3cdb-6956-21b0-76cd8f0c5094/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.110">paragraphs 3.110–3.114</xref> of this guide, there may be situations when a
                broker-dealer is not otherwise required to file a compliance report based on SEC
                guidance. In those situations, a broker-dealer may make one or more claims of
                exemption from SEC Rule 15c3-3, engages in business activities that are not covered
                by SEC Rule 15c3-3, or both.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.10" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.10</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Review report</i>. With its exemption report, a
                broker-dealer must file a review report prepared by its independent public
                accountant following PCAOB Attestation Standard No. 2, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Review Engagements
                    Regarding Exemption Reports of Brokers and Dealers</i>, which provides
                the accountant’s assessment of the statements made in the broker-dealer’s exemption
                report.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.11" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.11</b> A broker-dealer that
                is a member of the Securities Investor Protection Corporation (SIPC) must file its
                annual reports with SIPC concurrently with their filing with the SEC. In addition,
                all broker-dealers are required to file an agreed-upon procedures report prepared by
                its independent public accountant with SIPC over the SIPC (Form SIPC-7 or SIPC-3)
                filing.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.12" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.12</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Access to audit documentation of clearing brokers.</i>
                Carrying and clearing broker-dealers are required to permit their independent public
                accountants to make available to the SEC and other regulators audit documentation
                associated with the annual audit reports required under SEC Rule 17a-5.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>