<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-69605c15-48e3-8198-3e30-4532e2056533" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Transfer Agents</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.57" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.57</b> Although many securities issuers use a bank or
                trust company as their transfer agent, an issuer may use an independent transfer
                agent or may act as its own transfer agent. There are two basic functions of a
                transfer agent: the transfer function and the registrar function. A transfer agent
                may perform one or both of these functions.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.58" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.58</b> The transfer function includes canceling old
                certificates properly presented and endorsed in good deliverable form (which usually
                includes a signature guarantee), making appropriate adjustments in the issuer's
                shareholder records, establishing a new account in the name of the new owner, and
                issuing new certificates in the name of the new owner. Transfer agents also review
                legal documents to ensure they are complete and in perfect order before transferring
                the securities. If the legal documents are incomplete, the transfer agent either
                will notify the presenter the documents are incomplete and hold the old certificate
                and accompanying documentation until the presenter sends the transfer agent the
                proper documents or will reject the transfer and return the securities.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.59" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.59</b> For mutual funds, transfer agents enter the
                amount of securities purchased by a shareholder on the issuer's books and redeem
                (liquidate) shares upon receipt of the customer's written or wire request. Transfer
                agents, as part of their transfer function, maintain records of the name and address
                of each security holder, the amount of securities owned by each security holder, the
                certificate numbers corresponding to a security holder's position, the issue date of
                the security certificate, and the cancellation date of the security certificate.
                Many transfer agents also act as paying agents for cash dividends and the
                distribution of stock dividends and stock splits.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.60" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.60</b> A transfer agent performing the registrar
                function monitors the issuance of securities in an issue with a view toward
                preventing the unauthorized issuance of securities. The registrar checks to ensure
                the issuance of securities will not exceed the authorized number of shares in an
                issue and that the number of shares represented by the new certificate or
                certificates corresponds to the number of shares on the canceled ones. After the
                registrar performs these functions, the registrar countersigns the
                certificate.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>