<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-428969e0-5645-4cc1-d91a-eae4e58a2eb4" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">OTC Derivative Transactions</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">OTC Derivative Transactions <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="5" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad-footnote-idm53393074375928" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
                            Act (Dodd-Frank Act) requires the SEC to work with other regulators, the
                            Commodity Futures Trading Commission in particular, to write rules that
                            result in a reorganization of the over-the-counter derivatives market.
                            The rulemaking required to implement the Dodd-Frank Act provisions in
                            this area is extensive, and work is continuing by regulators.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd4_otc_derivative_transactions.dita#UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-428969e0-5645-4cc1-d91a-eae4e58a2eb4/UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad-footnote-idm53393074375928"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.56" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.56</b> Many
                    broker-dealers enter into derivative transactions in their capacity as dealers
                    and as part of various strategies. Some of the control and monitoring activities
                    that are typically associated with such transactions include the
                    following:</p>
      <ul class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Providing training to staff with respect to systems used to process
                            derivatives, as well as technical updates on the processing of, and
                            accounting for, new products.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Hiring staff that is experienced with the various types of products
                            processed and ensuring that such staff is supervised by experienced
                            individuals.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing the systems used to process and account for derivative
                            transactions in order to ensure that they are operating as
                            intended.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing the system selected to process derivative transactions to
                            ensure it is able to handle the current and projected volume of
                            business.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Ensuring that systems or technical personnel are capable of supporting
                            the current system and augmenting features of the system as
                            needed.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Developing a contingency plan in the event the system breaks
                            down.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Restricting access to the system by using codes and passwords.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Obtaining and maintaining signed contracts for each derivative
                            transaction, as well as maintaining a list of outstanding unsigned
                            contracts.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing master netting agreements and the presentation of netted
                            transactions to ensure that they comply with requirements of FASB ASC
                            210, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Balance Sheet.</i>
            </p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing files periodically to validate that they include
                            correspondence from counterparties regarding payment instructions,
                            amounts to be paid or received, modifications to current contracts, and
                            notifications of early terminations and final payments.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Separating the functions of inputting derivative transactions into the
                            system and verifying the accuracy of the input.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Separating such functions as monitoring, calculating, and processing
                            of payments and receipts.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Ensuring that the execution of derivative transactions and the
                            monitoring of counterparty credit quality and counterparty exposure
                            limits are performed by separate individuals.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Establishing and maintaining formal policies concerning hedging
                            strategies. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
                  <fn callout="6" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad-footnote-idm53393074419982" class="- topic/fn ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Hedge accounting is permitted only if the requirements of FASB
                                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting Standards
                                        Codification</i> 815, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Derivatives and Hedging</i>, are met.</p>
                  </fn>
                  <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd4_otc_derivative_transactions.dita#UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-428969e0-5645-4cc1-d91a-eae4e58a2eb4/UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad-footnote-idm53393074419982"/>
               </ph>
            </p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Restricting control and maintenance over legal documentation.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Performing reconciliations between cash disbursements and receipts,
                            systems calculations, and correspondence from counterparties.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Performing the valuation of the derivatives portfolio frequently and
                            consistently obtaining from reliable sources the market data used to
                            value the portfolio on each valuation date (see <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd4/aag-brd4_broker_dealer_control_and/aag-brd4_principal_transactions/aag-brd4_principal_transactions.dita#UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-1a419755-bed9-9ad9-66ac-d0cf5c8f0791/UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.55">paragraph 4.55</xref> of this chapter for further details).
                            Limiting access to models used to value positions and reviewing changes
                            made to those models. The valuation process and the verification of this
                            process are performed by individuals who are independent of the
                            traders.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Analyzing the changes in the portfolio's valuation into the following
                            separate components:</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Market fluctuations.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Accretion.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Swap payments and receipts.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Maturations and terminations.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">New transactions.</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reconciling traders' estimates of profit and loss to the portfolio
                            valuation system.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>