<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-4985bf8f-79ac-5946-ba22-1fde0220510e" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Human Resources</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-4985bf8f-79ac-5946-ba22-1fde0220510e_pra-sqcs_1.13" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.13</b> The purpose of the
                human resources element of a system of quality control is to provide the firm with
                reasonable assurance that it has sufficient personnel with the capabilities,
                competence, and commitment to ethical principles necessary (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>) to perform its engagements in accordance with professional
                standards and regulatory and legal requirements, and (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>) to enable the firm to issue reports that are appropriate in the
                circumstances. Establishing and maintaining policies such as the following assist
                the firm in obtaining this assurance:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Recruit and hire personnel of integrity who possess the characteristics
                        that enable them to perform competently.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Determine capabilities and competencies required for an engagement,
                        especially for the engagement partner, based on the characteristics of the
                        particular client, industry, and kind of service being performed. Specific
                        competencies necessary for an engagement partner are discussed in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps/quality_management/qc_section__statements_on_quality_control_standards/qm_10a/qm_10a_application_other_explanatory_material/topics/qm_10a_assignment_of_engagement_teams2.dita#UUID-6ba0aadc-0a14-5c3a-ac41-04387813c2a8_UUID-5c644ff7-2ca5-9b6c-e7de-b216c4003c5f/UUID-6ba0aadc-0a14-5c3a-ac41-04387813c2a8_qm_10a.a27">paragraph .A27</xref> of QM section 10A. <unknown id="UUID-4985bf8f-79ac-5946-ba22-1fde0220510e_N66175500bcbe9" class="- topic/unknown ">Assignment of Engagement Teams</unknown>
            </p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Determine the capabilities and competencies possessed by personnel.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Assign the responsibility for each engagement to an engagement
                        partner.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Assign personnel based on the knowledge, skills, and abilities required in
                        the circumstances and the nature and extent of supervision needed.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Have personnel participate in general and industry-specific continuing
                        professional education and professional development activities that enable
                        them to accomplish assigned responsibilities and satisfy applicable
                        continuing professional education requirements of the AICPA, state boards of
                        accountancy, and other regulators.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Select for advancement only those individuals who have the qualifications
                        necessary to fulfill the responsibilities they will be called on to
                        assume.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>