<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-c2a462ca-bf3a-bb8b-9d68-63e71c5a86d7" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Regulation T and Maintenance Margin</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.74" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.74</b> Regulation T has
                    been promulgated by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System by
                    authority of the 1934 Act. Regulation T establishes the rules and regulations
                    applicable to the extension of credit to customers and to related transactions.
                    For a customer to enter securities transactions, the customer should open either
                    a cash account or margin account.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.75" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.75</b> Section 8 of
                    Regulation T governs cash accounts. This type of account was created by
                    Regulation T for those transactions in which the broker-dealer is not extending
                    credit to the customer. The broker-dealer may purchase for (as agent), or sell
                    to (as principal), a customer any security, provided that either (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>) funds sufficient for the purpose are already in
                    the cash account, or (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>) the purchase or sale
                    is in reliance on an agreement accepted by the creditor in good faith that the
                    customer will promptly make full cash payment before selling and does not
                    contemplate selling the security prior to such payment.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.76" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.76</b> If full cash
                    payment is not made within the payment period defined in the rule, the
                    broker-dealer should cancel or liquidate the transaction or request an extension
                    of time from FINRA or an applicable exchange. Extensions of the payment date are
                    normally granted when both the broker-dealer and customer are acting in good
                    faith, and the circumstances are viewed as warranting such action.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.77" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.77</b> A margin account
                    is used to record transactions that result in the customer borrowing money from
                    the broker-dealer. The customer agrees to pay a certain percentage of the
                    purchase price, and the broker-dealer will lend the balance. Extensions of
                    credit by broker-dealers are subject to Regulation T. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="28" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393034067080" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">See the FINRA website at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.finra.org/filing-reporting/regulation-t-filings">https://www.finra.org/filing-reporting/regulation-t-filings</xref>
                            for Regulation T requirements.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd3_regulation_t_and_maintenance_margin.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-c2a462ca-bf3a-bb8b-9d68-63e71c5a86d7/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393034067080"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.78" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.78</b> If a customer
                    purchases securities on margin, the security should remain under the control of
                    the broker-dealer. A customer generally signs a hypothecation agreement with the
                    broker-dealer at the time the margin account is opened. This agreement allows
                    the broker-dealer to hypothecate the securities, pledging them as collateral for
                    money borrowed on a customer bank loan or loaning them to other
                    broker-dealers.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.79" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.79</b> In a margin
                    account, the broker-dealer holds the customer's securities as collateral in
                    readily negotiable form, therefore enabling the broker-dealer to liquidate the
                    securities if the customer fails to maintain a proper level of margin. A
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">margin transaction</i> is an open-ended
                    collateralized loan, with the amount of collateral the customer is required to
                    deposit prescribed by Regulation T. The customer may leave the loan open as long
                    as the broker-dealer remains satisfied with the condition of the account. If the
                    value of the securities in the customer's account appreciates above the
                    Regulation T margin requirement, the broker-dealer can extend to the customer
                    additional credit (referred to as Regulation T excess). The customer may then
                    either withdraw the excess from the account or use it to meet the requirements
                    on additional purchases.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.80" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.80</b> FINRA,
                    applicable exchanges, and broker-dealers themselves may set margin requirements
                    that are higher than those specified in Regulation T. For example, FINRA
                    establishes minimum maintenance margin requirements and more specific initial
                    margin requirements than provided for in Regulation T for certain security
                    positions (such as debt securities) and creditor relationships (such as
                    broker-dealer extending credit to another broker-dealer). FINRA Rule 4210,
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Margin Requirements</i>, <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="29" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393040625056" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">See the FINRA website at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.finra.org/rules-guidance/rulebooks/finra-rules/4210#the-rule">https://www.finra.org/rules-guidance/rulebooks/finra-rules/4210#the-rule</xref>
                            for detailed regulatory margin requirements.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd3_regulation_t_and_maintenance_margin.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-c2a462ca-bf3a-bb8b-9d68-63e71c5a86d7/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393040625056"/>
         </ph> sets forth minimum equity requirements that must be maintained in
                    margin accounts. In addition, many broker-dealers maintain "house" margin
                    requirements (both initial and maintenance) that are higher than those
                    established by FINRA. Finally, Rule 4210(f)(1) requires substantial additional
                    margin in all cases where the securities carried in long or short positions are
                    subject to unusually rapid or violent changes in value.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>