<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_UUID-7e2fcdd8-2e6d-4d8c-906f-3c5010d2d778" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Tests of Controls</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.14" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.14</b> In reaching a
                    decision on the nature, timing, and extent of testing of controls, the auditor
                    may consider factors such as the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The nature, frequency, and volume of financial instrument
                            transactions.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The strength of controls, including whether controls are appropriately
                            designed to respond to the risks associated with an entity’s volume of
                            financial instrument transactions and whether a governance framework
                            over the entity’s financial instrument activities exists.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The importance of particular controls to the overall control
                            objectives and processes in place at the entity, including the
                            sophistication of the information systems to support financial
                            instrument transactions.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The monitoring of controls and identified deficiencies in control
                            procedures.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The issues the controls are intended to address (for example, controls
                            related to the exercise of judgments compared with controls over
                            supporting data). Substantive procedures are likely to be more effective
                            than relying on controls related to the exercise of judgment.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The competency of those involved in the control activities (for
                            example whether the entity has adequate capacity, including during
                            periods of stress, and ability to establish and verify valuations for
                            the financial instruments to which it is exposed).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The frequency of performance of these control activities.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The level of precision the controls are intended to achieve.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The evidence of performance of control activities.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The timing of key financial instrument transactions (for example,
                            whether they are close to period-end).</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>