<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-453dc8af-4358-271a-8320-902eda3daa96" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Mandatorily Redeemable Instruments</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">Mandatorily Redeemable Instruments <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="17" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn17" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The classification, measurement, and disclosure provisions of FASB ASC
                            480, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Distinguishing Liabilities from
                                Equity</i>, do not apply to certain mandatorily redeemable
                            financial instruments issued by nonpublic entities that are not SEC
                            registrants, as discussed in FASB ASC 480-10-15-7A. Mandatorily
                            redeemable financial instruments issued by SEC registrants are not
                            eligible for the scope exception. Because registered broker-dealers are
                            required to submit financial statements to the SEC, they are within the
                            scope of SEC registrant in this guidance and, therefore, are subject to
                            the guidance in FASB ASC 480-10. See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-375c6040-7d22-2d64-683b-7f75bd2d5ea5/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.135">paragraph 5.135</xref> for a discussion of Technical Questions and
                            Answers (Q&amp;A) sections 7100.01–.16 of section 7100, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Definition of a Public Business Entity</i>,
                            regarding the definition of <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">public business
                                entity</i>.</p>
               <p class="- topic/p ">    All Q&amp;A sections can be found in <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Technical Questions and Answers</i>. Log in to the AICPA
                            website to download the full text of the publication at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.aicpa-cima.com/resources/download/aicpa-technical-questions-and-answers-at-your-fingertips">https://www.aicpa-cima.com/resources/download/aicpa-technical-questions-and-answers-at-your-fingertips</xref>.
                            The publication is fully searchable with bookmarking that allows users
                            to navigate directly to a desired section.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd5_mandatorily_redeemable_instruments.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-453dc8af-4358-271a-8320-902eda3daa96/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn17"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.120" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.120</b> A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">mandatorily redeemable instrument</i> is a financial
                    instrument issued in the form of shares <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="18" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn18" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">For the purpose of this guidance, shares include various forms of
                            ownership that may or may not take the legal form of securities (for
                            example, partnership interests).</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd5_mandatorily_redeemable_instruments.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-453dc8af-4358-271a-8320-902eda3daa96/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn18"/>
         </ph> that embody an unconditional obligation requiring the issuer
                        <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="19" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn19" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">An <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">issuer</i>, for the purpose of this
                            guidance, is the entity that issued the financial instrument.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd5_mandatorily_redeemable_instruments.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-453dc8af-4358-271a-8320-902eda3daa96/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn19"/>
         </ph> to redeem the instrument by transferring its assets at specified or
                    determinable date(s) or upon an event that is certain to occur. FASB ASC 480,
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity</i>,
                    establishes standards for how an issuer classifies and measures in its statement
                    of financial position certain financial instruments with characteristics of both
                    liabilities and equity. FASB ASC 480-10-25 requires that an issuer classify a
                    financial instrument within its scope as a liability (or an asset in some
                    circumstances) because that financial instrument embodies an obligation of the
                    issuer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.121" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.121</b> Such
                    obligation as mentioned in the previous paragraph may arise from the terms of an
                    operating agreement, a partnership, or an incorporation agreement or the
                    operation of state law.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.122" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.122</b> Under FASB ASC
                    480-10, broker-dealers that have issued shares that must be sold back to the
                    company upon the holder’s death or termination of employment should record those
                    shares as liabilities, rather than equity because the shares are mandatorily
                    redeemable upon an event certain to occur. As a result, some broker-dealers may
                    report minimal or no equity in their GAAP financial statements. From a
                    regulatory standpoint, application of FASB ASC 480 can cause a broker-dealer to
                    fall below its minimum net capital requirements under SEC Rule 15c3-l(a) or
                    cause its subordinated debt to debt-equity total to increase above the 70% limit
                    set forth in Rule 15c3-l(d). Broker-dealers may have amended, partnership,
                    operating (such as limited liability company), shareholder, or other agreements
                    to avoid the potential adverse impacts of FASB ASC 480 on net capital.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>