<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-84cf4a83-1027-25ce-e2fd-414a6d87b65c" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Other Borrowed Funds</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393212087124" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.87</b> The activities of broker-dealers are
                    funded through various sources, including short and long-term borrowings with
                    banks and affiliates, issuing commercial paper, or the securities financing
                    activities described previously. These loans may be secured or unsecured.
                    Short-term secured loans with non-affiliate financial institutions are generally
                    collateralized by marketable securities.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393212092214" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.88</b> Generally, broker-dealers reflect
                    these liabilities on the statement of financial condition at the face value
                    amount outstanding as of the period end. However, the broker-dealer may elect to
                    present the liabilities at fair value under FASB ASC 825-10-25. If these
                    financial liabilities are not held at fair value, the broker-dealer is required
                    to disclose the difference between the carrying value and the estimated fair
                    value within the notes to the financial statements.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393212097224" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.89</b> Broker-dealers should disclose in the
                    notes to the financial statements the general attributes of the loans
                    outstanding, including the collateral pledged. For long-term debt, per FASB ASC
                    470-10-50, the broker-dealer must disclose the aggregate amount of maturities
                    and sinking fund requirements for each of the five years following the date of
                    the statement of financial condition. In industry practice, broker-dealers
                    typically disclose additional information regarding their loans outstanding,
                    including interest rates and maturity dates. Presentation and disclosures
                    requirements for various convertible long-term debt models can be found in FASB
                    ASC 470-20, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Debt with Conversion and Other
                        Options</i>.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>