<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-11c6e5d7-6526-c182-2dc4-8e1d81b5d622" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Reports on SIPC Assessment</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_para-idm53393060493330" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.164</b> Broker-dealers registered with the
                    SEC, with some limited exceptions, are required to be members of the SIPC.
                        <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="51" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393060549684" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">See the discussion in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd1/aag-brd1.dita#UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87">chapter 1</xref>, "The Securities Industry," for more information
                            on the SIPC.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd3_reports_on_securities_investor.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-11c6e5d7-6526-c182-2dc4-8e1d81b5d622/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393060549684"/>
         </ph> The SIPC imposes an assessment upon members to maintain its fund and
                    to repay any borrowings by the SIPC. For a number of years, the assessment on
                    members was a flat rate of $150. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="52" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393060562118" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The Dodd-Frank Act amended the Securities Investor Protection Act in
                            several areas. Two areas pertain to the SIPC assessment imposed on
                            broker-dealers. See the SIPC website at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="http://www.sipc.org/for-members">www.sipc.org/for-members</xref> for more information and for the
                            SIPC-7 form.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd3_reports_on_securities_investor.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-11c6e5d7-6526-c182-2dc4-8e1d81b5d622/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393060562118"/>
         </ph> In March 2009, the SIPC determined that the SIPC fund balance would
                    likely remain less than $1 billion for a period of 6 months or more. Therefore,
                    beginning April 1, 2009, the SIPC reinstituted an assessment rate of one quarter
                    of 1% (or .0025) per annum of the net operating revenues from the securities
                    business, without regard to any minimum assessment. At its meeting in September
                    2022, SIPC’s board of directors determined the assessment rate for 2023 would be
                    .0015 of net operating revenue (<xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="http://www.sipc.org/for-members/assessment-rate">www.sipc.org/for-members/assessment-rate</xref>). SIPC assessment forms and
                    payments are due semiannually based on the member’s fiscal year-end.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_para-idm53393060486444" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.165</b> Membership in the SIPC is automatic
                    upon SEC registration for a broker-dealer, with certain exceptions. The SIPC
                    members’ website notes that persons registered as a broker-dealer only because
                    it effects transactions in security futures products on a registered exchange
                    are excluded from SIPC membership. In addition, broker-dealers whose business is
                    exclusively the distribution of shares of registered open-end investment
                    companies or unit investment trusts, the sale of variable annuities, the
                    business of insurance, or the business of furnishing investment advice to
                    registered investment companies or insurance company separate accounts are
                    excluded from membership in the SIPC. OTC derivative dealers, special purpose
                    broker-dealers, and those broker-dealers whose principal place of business, in
                    the determination of the SIPC, is outside the United States and its territories
                    are excluded from membership.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_para-idm53393060476664" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.166</b> As approved by the SEC in March
                    2016, SIPC Rule 600, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Rules Relating to Supplemental
                        Report of SIPC Membership</i>, requires that a registered
                    broker-dealer file an “Independent Accountant’s Report on Applying Agreed-Upon
                    Procedures Related to an Entity’s SIPC Assessment Reconciliation” or “Claim of
                    Exclusion from Membership” agreed-upon procedures report, supplemental to the
                    Form SIPC-7 or SIPC-3, respectively. This requirement applies to broker-dealers
                    who are not exempt from the audit requirement of SEC Rule 17a-5 and whose gross
                    revenues are in excess of $500,000. The general assessment reconciliation form
                    (SIPC-7) should be submitted only to SIPC (effective March 31, 2016) no later
                    than 60 days after fiscal year-end (or not more than 90 days after the end of
                    the SIPC member’s fiscal year-end for certain broker-dealers — note, however,
                    that the assessment payment is still due 60 days after the fiscal year in this
                    case). The supplemental report should cover the SIPC annual general assessment
                    reconciliation or exclusion from membership forms (SIPC-3) and should include
                    certain procedures specified in SIPC Rule 600. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="53" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393060585908" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">SIPC maintains Member FAQs which include questions and answers
                            regarding SIPC forms, membership, and how and where to file reports. The
                            FAQs, as well as illustrative accountant’s agreed-upon procedures (AUP)
                            reports updated in June 2021 for updated AICPA AUP standards, effective
                            for reports filed on or after July 15, 2021, can be found at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="http://www.sipc.org/for-members/member-faqs">www.sipc.org/for-members/member-faqs</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd3_reports_on_securities_investor.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-11c6e5d7-6526-c182-2dc4-8e1d81b5d622/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393060585908"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>