<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-3022d2d5-d163-3012-b64d-aafce1684168_UUID-96c14817-435e-9ada-27ee-7892eb765f98" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Purpose and Applicability</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">This guide has been prepared to assist broker-dealers in preparing financial
                statements in conformity with GAAP. It is important to note that the content in this
                guide is directed toward nonissuer broker-dealers. As discussed in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../tpa/tis_7000/tis_7100/tis_7100.dita#UUID-89569cec-5436-dc2f-96bd-d28eba296e5f/UUID-89569cec-5436-dc2f-96bd-d28eba296e5f_tis_7100.16">Q&amp;A section 7100.16</xref>, “Brokers, Dealers, and Futures Commission
                Merchants and the Definition of a Public Business Entity,” both issuer and nonissuer
                broker-dealers registered with the SEC are considered public business entities
                (PBEs) for the purpose of applying GAAP: <unknown id="UUID-3022d2d5-d163-3012-b64d-aafce1684168_N661755d17e636" class="- topic/unknown ">Q&amp;A Section 7100</unknown>
      </p>
      <lq class="- topic/lq ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">.16 Brokers, Dealers, and Futures Commission Merchants and
                        the Definition of a Public Business Entity</b>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Inquiry</i> — Is a broker, dealer, or future commission
                    merchant considered a PBE?</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Reply</i> — Both issuer and non-issuer broker-dealers
                    registered with the SEC are considered PBEs. Criterion (a) includes entities
                    that are required to file or furnish financial statements or financial
                    information with the SEC. Section 17(e)(1)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of
                    1934 requires that registered broker-dealers annually file with the SEC a
                    certified balance sheet and income statement. Rules 17a-5,17a-12, and Form
                    X-17A-5 require financial statements and financial information filed with the
                    SEC to be prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Further, certain affiliates of
                    the broker-dealer monitored under the broker-dealer risk assessment program may
                    be required to file financial statements or financial information with the SEC
                    on forms such as Form 17-H. Such broker-dealer affiliates would also be
                    considered PBEs.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Unlike SEC registered broker-dealers, entities registered with the Commodity
                    Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) as introducing brokers or futures commission
                    merchants do not file with the SEC, unless they are dual registered with both
                    the CFTC and the SEC. Therefore, they are not PBEs under criterion (a) but could
                    be a PBE under other criteria.</p>
      </lq>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Therefore, both issuer and non-issuer broker-dealers registered with the SEC would
                follow effective dates for PBEs when implementing new accounting
                pronouncements.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">The activities of broker-dealers are described in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../aag-brd/aag-brd1/aag-brd1.dita#UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87">chapter 1</xref>, "The Securities Industry." Operations of such entities are
                subject to the rules and regulations of the SEC and other regulatory bodies.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Broker-dealers are subject to regulation under the Securities Exchange Act of
                1934. Some broker-dealers are also futures commission merchants for commodity
                futures and commodity option contracts subject to regulation under the Commodity
                Exchange Act. SEC broker-dealers that are dually registered as CFTC-registered
                futures commission merchants (FCMs) or CFTC-registered introducing brokers (IBs) or
                swap dealers must comply with both SEC and CFTC regulations, including notification
                requirements.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Members of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority are subject to the rules of
                that organization, and members of securities exchanges are also subject to the rules
                of the exchanges of which they are members. Some of these rules, as currently in
                effect, are discussed in this guide. However, the rules, regulations, practices, and
                procedures of the securities and commodities futures industries have changed
                frequently and extensively in recent years. Still, further changes are under
                consideration as this guide goes to press, and readers should keep abreast of these
                changes.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>