<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-8cd3c60b-2579-112d-0dcf-66236d5ff30c" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Securities Settlement</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.46" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.46</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Receive and deliver</i>. All receipts and deliveries of
                    securities and money are handled by the receive-and-deliver section of the
                    cashier's department. This is either performed physically or by electronic book
                    entry. Some of the control and monitoring activities typically associated with
                    the receive-and-deliver function include the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Monitoring real-time and overnight batch process matching with
                            clearing organizations to identify any securities due for settlement
                            that cannot be settled.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Ensuring end-of-day cash and securities movements agree to the
                            clearing organizations for continuous net settlement accounts.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Periodically reviewing operations suspense items to determine the
                            propriety of receivables or payables carried in the account.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Receiving or delivering securities only if they are supported by
                            written instructions prepared by another department or
                            workstation.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Electronic imaging of securities received and delivered to resolve any
                            differences between broker-dealers.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Examining for negotiability (that is, properly endorsed, signed,
                            guaranteed, or otherwise papered) and for completeness (that is, coupons
                            and warrants) securities received before they are placed in the active
                            box or vault.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Recording the certificate numbers of securities received.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Authorizing certain designated employees to execute or guarantee
                            assignments.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Maintaining control over the facsimile signature devices used.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Designating an employee who does not handle securities or cash to
                            determine that payment is received when securities are delivered against
                            payment.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Bonding all employees who handle securities and money.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Balancing daily movements of securities and assigning responsibility
                            for the clearance of out-of-balance positions to specific individuals
                            who have no other duties related to any other aspects of securities
                            processing.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Investigating and resolving securities positions (and related ledger
                            amounts) in suspense accounts on a timely basis.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Ensuring that due bills for dividends are identified and recorded with
                            the receipt or delivery of securities.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Periodically comparing the details of fails to receive and fails to
                            deliver with the stock record, in accordance with SEC Rule 17a-13, and
                            agreeing the respective amounts receivable or payable to the related
                            general ledger control accounts.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Maintaining aging schedules of fail-to-receive and fail-to-deliver
                            transactions currently, following up on aged fail transactions and
                            sending confirmations as needed, initiating buy-ins in accordance with
                            various regulatory rules, and analyzing aged fails for regulatory
                            purposes.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Periodically reviewing operations suspense items to determine the
                            propriety of receivables or payables carried in the account.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Comparing suspense items with underlying trade tickets or other
                            records and reviewing the propriety of the subsequent clearance of
                            suspense items.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.47" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.47</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Extension of credit</i>. The margin department, also
                    called the credit department, monitors the extension of credit to customers.
                    Some of the control and monitoring activities over transactions with customers
                    that are typically associated with the margin department include the
                    following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Establishing procedures to ensure compliance with the requirements of
                            Federal Reserve Regulation T (Regulation T) of the Board of Governors of
                            the Federal Reserve System, including cash, margin, and other accounts,
                            as well as maintenance margin (FINRA Rule 4210) requirements.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Implementing a system designed to prevent violations of Regulation T
                            and similar regulations addressing the extension and maintenance of
                            credit, including the prompt issuance of Regulation T calls and
                            maintenance calls, and prompt follow-up action in the event that calls
                            are not met.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Implementing a system to set and monitor "house" margin requirements
                            that are higher than those established by regulatory authorities if it
                            is considered necessary for the protection of the broker-dealer.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Performing credit investigations before transacting business with a
                            customer and before establishing credit limits.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Obtaining signed margin agreements before trading in a margin account
                            can occur.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Disbursing cash and delivering securities only upon written
                            authorization of the appropriate personnel.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Requiring the authorization of margin department personnel before
                            paying funds or withdrawing securities from customers' accounts.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Prohibiting margin clerks from initiating entries to customer accounts
                            and from having contact with customers' securities, remittances, or
                            disbursements.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Assigning responsibility for monitoring customer accounts to specific
                            employees who are rotated onto other duties periodically.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing margin records periodically (by an employee who has no
                            duties in connection with them) to determine that the minimum margin
                            requirements of the firm are being maintained.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing customer accounts on a regular basis to ensure sufficient
                            margin exists to meet "house" and regulatory requirements. When accounts
                            are determined to be undermargined, requesting additional collateral
                            from the customer to properly secure the account.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Promptly reporting to management on customers' undermargined accounts
                            and unsecured or partly secured accounts for purposes of evaluation
                            concerning collectibility.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Monitoring and promptly acting upon aged margin calls.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Delegating duties appropriately and rotating the duties of personnel
                            in key control areas.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Accepting securities received from a customer that are registered in a
                            name other than the customer's only if proof of ownership is
                            provided.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Permitting only designated employees to make entries to customer
                            accounts and requiring that two employees approve changes to customer
                            account files. Limiting the types of transactions (such as cash
                            receipts, cash disbursements, securities receipts and deliveries, or
                            adjustments) that an employee can initiate.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Establishing procedures to ensure compliance with the requirements of
                            SEC Rules 400–406 and Commodity Futures Trading Commission Regulations
                            41.42–41.49 governing customer margin for transactions in security
                            futures.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing securities underlying receivables and payables regularly
                            concerning their valuation.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Prohibiting clients from entering into transactions that exceed the
                            minimum initial margin requirements in accordance with Regulation T or
                            exceed minimum initial house margin requirements.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>