<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-a30c7594-d3f2-bdb2-206d-e2daa9c42857" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Repos and Reverse Repos</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.99" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.99</b> Repos and reverse repos are generally
                    traded on a cash settlement basis (same day as the trade date). Executions for
                    repo transactions are usually completed during the morning hours of a business
                    day to allow time for the adequate processing and clearing of trades. The
                    paperwork and delivery of the securities and funds are accomplished during the
                    afternoon. Most securities transfers and the delivery of funds are settled over
                    Fedwire. As noted previously, for government securities, only members of the
                    Federal Reserve have direct access to Fedwire, so the broker-dealer uses its
                    clearing bank for the transfer of funds and securities for repo transactions.
                    Actual written purchase and sale confirmations are also delivered, when
                    applicable. Depending on the arrangement of the repo transaction, the repo
                    collateral may be delivered (transferred) to the buyer, held in safekeeping in a
                    segregated customer account by the seller, or delivered to the buyer's custodial
                    account at the seller's clearing bank. DTCC’s FICC, through GSD, matches and
                    nets repo transactions as part of its netting process for other government
                    securities trading activity.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.100" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.100</b> Additional securities transfers or
                    delivery of funds may be necessary over Fedwire depending on changes in the
                    market value of the underlying collateral (mark-to-market). Market value changes
                    can necessitate adjustment of the repo transaction, either by repricing or a
                    margin call. In a repricing, the change requires a delivery of funds, whereas a
                    margin call requires a transfer of collateral.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>