<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_UUID-ab16d570-738f-d041-7ec8-a0b7d2d9101a" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Financial Reporting Requirements</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.24" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.24</b> In many
                    financial reporting frameworks, financial instruments, including embedded
                    derivatives, are often measured at fair value for the purpose of balance sheet
                    presentation, calculating gain or loss, or disclosure. In general, the objective
                    of fair value measurement is to arrive at the price at which an orderly
                    transaction to sell an asset or transfer a liability would take place between
                    market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions
                    (that is, at an exit price at the measurement date from the perspective of the
                    market participant that holds the asset or owes the liability). In meeting this
                    objective, all relevant available market information is taken into
                    account.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.25" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.25</b> Fair value
                    measurements of financial assets and liabilities may arise both at the initial
                    recording of transactions and later when there are changes in value. Changes in
                    fair value measurements that occur over time may be treated in different ways
                    under different financial reporting frameworks. For example, such changes may be
                    recorded as gain or loss or in other comprehensive income. Also, depending on
                    the applicable financial reporting framework, the whole financial instrument or
                    only a component of it (for example, an embedded derivative when it is
                    separately accounted for) may be required to be measured at fair value. <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-afi/aag-afi5/aag-afi5.dita#UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e">Chapter 5</xref>, "Valuation of Financial Instruments," of this guide
                    provides further detailed guidance on valuation of financial instruments.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.26" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.26</b> Some financial
                    reporting frameworks establish a fair value hierarchy to develop increased
                    consistency and comparability in fair value measurements and related
                    disclosures. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="5" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb-aag-afi1-fn5" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">FASB ASC 820-10-35-37 notes that the fair value hierarchy categorizes
                            into three levels the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure
                            fair value. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to
                            quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
                            liabilities and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi1_financial_reporting_requirements.dita#UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_UUID-ab16d570-738f-d041-7ec8-a0b7d2d9101a/UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb-aag-afi1-fn5"/>
         </ph> The inputs may be classified into different levels, such as</p>
      <ul class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">level 1 inputs</i>, which are quoted
                            prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical financial assets or
                            liabilities that the entity can access at the measurement date.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">level 2 inputs</i>, which are inputs
                            other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for
                            the financial asset or liability either directly or indirectly. If the
                            financial asset or liability has a specified (contractual) term, a level
                            2 input must be observable for substantially the full term of the
                            financial asset or liability. Level 2 inputs include the
                            following:</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Quoted prices for similar financial assets or liabilities in
                                    active markets</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Quoted prices for identical or similar financial assets or
                                    liabilities in markets that are not active</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the
                                    financial asset or liability (for example, interest rates and
                                    yield curves observable at commonly quoted intervals, implied
                                    volatilities, and credit spreads)</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Inputs that are derived principally from, or corroborated by,
                                    observable market data by correlation or other means
                                    (market-corroborated inputs)</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">level 3 inputs</i>, which are
                            unobservable inputs for the financial asset or liability. Unobservable
                            inputs are used to measure fair value to the extent that relevant
                            observable inputs are not available, thereby allowing for situations in
                            which there is little, if any, market activity for the financial asset
                            or liability at the measurement date.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">In general, measurement uncertainty increases as a financial instrument moves
                    from level 1 to level 2 or level 2 to level 3. Also, within level 2, there may
                    be a wide range of measurement uncertainty depending on the observability of
                    inputs, the complexity and valuation of the financial instrument, and other
                    factors.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.27" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.27</b> Certain
                    financial reporting frameworks may require or permit the entity to adjust for
                    measurement uncertainties in order to adjust for risks that a market participant
                    would make in the pricing to take account of the uncertainties of the risks
                    associated with the pricing or cash flows of the financial instrument. Some
                    examples are as follows:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Model adjustments. Some models may have a known deficiency, or the
                            result of calibration may highlight the deficiency for the fair value
                            measurement in accordance with the financial reporting framework.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Credit-risk adjustments. Some models do not take into account credit
                            risk, including counterparty risk or own credit risk.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Liquidity adjustments. Some models calculate a midmarket price, even
                            though the financial reporting framework may require use of a
                            liquidity-adjusted amount, such as a bid-offer spread. Another, more
                            judgmental liquidity adjustment recognizes that some financial
                            instruments are illiquid, which affects the valuation.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Other risk adjustments. A value measured using a model that does not
                            take into account all other factors that market participants would
                            consider in pricing the financial instrument may not represent fair
                            value on the measurement date and, therefore, may need to be adjusted
                            separately to comply with the applicable financial reporting
                            framework.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Adjustments are not appropriate if they adjust the measurement and valuation
                    of the financial instrument away from <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">fair
                        value</i>, as defined by the applicable financial reporting framework
                    (for example, for conservatism).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.28" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.28</b> Paragraphs 5–20
                    of FASB ASC 820-10-55 describe the use of present value techniques to measure
                    fair value. Those paragraphs neither prescribe the use of a single specific
                    present value technique nor limit the use of present value techniques to measure
                    fair value to the techniques discussed therein. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Present
                        value</i> (that is, an application of the income approach) is a tool
                    used to link future amounts to a present amount using a discount rate. A fair
                    value measurement of an asset or a liability using a present value technique
                    captures all of the following elements from the perspective of market
                    participants at the measurement date:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">An estimate of future cash flows for the asset or liability being
                            measured.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Expectations about possible variations in the amount and timing of the
                            cash flows representing the uncertainty inherent in the cash
                            flows.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The time value of money, represented by the rate on risk-free monetary
                            assets that have maturity dates or durations that coincide with the
                            period covered by the cash flows and pose neither uncertainty in timing
                            nor risk of default to the holder (that is, a risk-free interest rate).
                            For present value computations denominated in nominal U.S. dollars, the
                            yield curve for U.S. Treasury securities determines the appropriate
                            risk-free interest rate.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The price for bearing the uncertainty inherent in the cash flows (that
                            is, a risk premium).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Other factors that market participants would take into account in the
                            circumstances.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">For a liability, the nonperformance risk relating to that liability,
                            including the reporting entity’s (obligor’s) own credit risk.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>