<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_UUID-c1f82d87-1f33-57c6-8e76-d14b24c891e9" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Scope Limitations</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_aag-afi6.19" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.19</b> The
                        auditor’s objective is to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to
                        provide a reasonable basis for forming an opinion. There are often
                        significant challenges to management obtaining sufficient information to
                        support its assertions relevant to financial instruments, and auditors will
                        face similar challenges in obtaining audit evidence and evaluating its
                        sufficiency. The amounts and types of audit evidence necessary to support an
                        opinion are matters for the auditor to determine in the exercise of his or
                        her professional judgment after careful study of the particular
                        circumstances. In evaluating audit evidence, the auditor may consider
                        whether the specific audit objectives have been met. The consideration might
                        include such factors as</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the significance of the financial instruments for which neither
                                the underlying detail nor audited financial statements were
                                available as of the balance sheet date.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the adequacy of management’s process and related internal
                                control.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">timeliness of the estimated fair value of the underlying financial
                                instruments.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_aag-afi6.20" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.20</b> The
                        auditor’s justification for the expression of his or her opinion rests on
                        the conformity of the audit with generally accepted auditing standards
                        (GAAS). When a significant amount of financial instruments are stated at
                        estimated fair value, the auditor may consider both the uncertainties
                        inherent in the financial instrument valuations and the extent of audit
                        evidence supporting those valuations. The assessment of reasonableness of
                        valuations considers their effects on the financial statements as a whole,
                        not solely the investment caption in the financial statements. If the
                        auditor is unable to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence to support
                        the financial statement assertions, it will be necessary to modify an
                        opinion on the financial statements due to a scope limitation.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_aag-afi6.21" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.21</b> Scope
                        limitations related to sufficiency of evidence are different from situations
                        in which the auditor concludes that the financial statements are materially
                        misstated due to departures from the applicable financial reporting
                        framework related to inadequate disclosure of uncertainties inherent in the
                        financial instrument valuations, failure to apply a valuation method
                        required by the applicable financial reporting framework, or valuations that
                        are not supported or reasonable. If the potential effect of the applicable
                        financial reporting framework departure is material to the investor entity’s
                        financial statements as a whole, the auditor is required to issue a
                        qualified opinion or an adverse opinion, as described in paragraph .09 of
                        AU-C section 705B.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>