<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-97c6b4d1-22de-59ec-ecb1-4d1022554230" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">OTC Derivatives Dealers</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_para-idm53393063665660" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.186</b> An alternative regulatory framework has been
                created for OTC derivatives dealers. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="60" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393063720038" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The Dodd-Frank Act includes provisions related to the OTC derivatives
                        market that will significantly change the regulatory framework of that
                        market. Rulemaking to implement these provisions is ongoing as of the date
                        of this guide. In February 2017, the president signed an executive order
                        that sets in motion scaling back some of the provisions of the Dodd-Frank
                        Act. Readers should be alert for further developments.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd3_otc_derivatives_dealers.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-97c6b4d1-22de-59ec-ecb1-4d1022554230/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393063720038"/>
         </ph> The rules establish a special class of broker-dealers who may choose to
                register with the SEC under a limited regulatory structure. An OTC derivatives
                dealer's securities activities are limited to (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>)
                engaging in dealer activities in <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">eligible OTC derivative
                    instruments</i>, as defined in Rule 3b-13, that are securities;
                    (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>) issuing and reacquiring securities that
                are issued by the dealer, including warrants or securities, hybrid securities, and
                structured notes; (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">c</i>) engaging in cash management
                securities activities as set out in Rule 3b-14; (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">d</i>) engaging in <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ancillary portfolio
                    management securities activities</i>, as defined in Rule 3b-15; and
                    (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">e</i>) engaging in such other securities
                activities that the SEC designates by order. SEC Rule 17a-12 requires OTC
                derivatives dealers to file audited annual financial statements.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_para-idm53393063659314" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.187</b> The rules and rule amendments tailor capital,
                margin, and other broker-dealer regulatory requirements to OTC derivatives dealers.
                These tailored requirements include an alternative net capital regime, exemptions
                from certain provisions of the 1934 Act, and modified rules governing recordkeeping
                and reporting, substantially the same as for fully regulated broker-dealers but
                tailored to the business of OTC derivatives dealers. New rules adopted under the
                1934 Act include Rules 3b-12, 3b-13, 3b-14, 3b-15, 11a1-6, 15a-1, 15b9-2, 15c3-4,
                17a-12, 36a1-1, and 36a1-2. Various 1934 Act rules have been amended, and Form
                X-17A-5 was revised.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>