<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-0c184520-256c-9090-9053-902d085fd56c" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Financial Instruments Not Having a Readily Available Market
                    Price</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <note type="important" class="- topic/note ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Update 5-2 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting and Reporting</i>:
                        Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions</b>
         </p>
         <p outputclass="box" class="- topic/p ">FASB ASU No. 2022-03, issued in June 2022, is effective for
                        public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023,
                        and interim periods within those fiscal years. For other entities, this ASU
                        is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, and interim
                        periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption is permitted for both
                        interim and annual financial statements.</p>
         <p outputclass="box" class="- topic/p ">The amendments in this ASU generally should be applied
                        prospectively with any adjustments from the adoption recognized in earnings
                        and disclosed on the adoption date. However, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">investment companies</i>, as defined under FASB ASC 946, should
                        apply the amendments to only investments in equity securities subject to
                        contractual sale restrictions executed or modified on or after the adoption
                        date.</p>
         <p outputclass="box" class="- topic/p ">ASU No. 2022-03 clarifies that a contractual restriction on
                        the sale of an equity security (1) is not considered part of the unit of
                        account of the equity security and not considered when measuring fair value
                        and (2) cannot be recognized and measured as a separate unit of account.
                        This ASU also requires certain disclosures for equity securities subject to
                        contractual sale restrictions.</p>
         <p outputclass="box" class="- topic/p ">This edition of the guide has not been updated to reflect
                        changes as a result of this ASU; however, the section that follows will be
                        updated in a future edition. Readers are encouraged to consult the full text
                        of the ASU on FASB’s website at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.fasb.org">www.fasb.org</xref>.</p>
      </note>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.49" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.49</b> A broker-dealer
                    may have to determine the fair values of financial instruments for which there
                    are no readily available price quotations or for which readily available price
                    quotations are unreliable. These price quotations may be deemed unreliable
                    because of a variety of reasons. For example, the financial instruments may have
                    restrictions associated with them (such as not being registered), or the entity
                    may have been forced to sell due to financial difficulties. In such cases, it
                    may be appropriate for these financial instruments to be valued at fair value
                    using level 3 inputs, as found in FASB ASC 820. See the “<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_accounting_model/aag-brd5_fair_value_determination_when/aag-brd5_fair_value_determination_when.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-e24bd04c-7949-362e-bca1-cba45b4748e7">Fair Value Determination When the Volume or Level of Activity Has
                        Significantly Decreased</xref>” section of this chapter.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.50" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.50</b> As noted in the
                    FASB ASC Master Glossary, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">level 3 inputs</i> are
                    unobservable inputs for the asset or liability. According to FASB ASC
                    820-10-35-53, unobservable inputs are used to measure fair value to the extent
                    that relevant observable inputs are not available. Unobservable inputs should
                    reflect the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the
                    asset or liability, including assumptions about risk. See the “<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_accounting_model/aag-brd5_the_fair_value_hierarchy/aag-brd5_the_fair_value_hierarchy.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-184ea653-c5eb-0340-7aef-5508a2b93493">The Fair Value Hierarchy</xref>” section of this chapter.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.51" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.51</b> Management of
                    the reporting entity should take into consideration all indications of value
                    that are reasonably available in determining the fair value assigned to a
                    particular financial instrument. The information considered and the basis for
                    the decision should be documented. This guide does not purport to delineate all
                    factors that may be considered.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.52" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.52</b> As noted in FASB
                    ASC 940-820-30-1, the following is a list of certain factors that have been
                    taken into consideration by broker-dealers as part of the determination of fair
                    value: <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="2" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn2" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The SEC's <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Codification of Financial Reporting
                                Policies</i> provides guidance on the factors to be
                            considered and the methods used to value securities for which market
                            quotations are not readily available. FASB ASC 820-10-35 also provides
                            guidance on the valuation of financial instruments for which market
                            quotations are not readily available.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd5_financial_instruments_not_having.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-0c184520-256c-9090-9053-902d085fd56c/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn2"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Financial standing of the issuer</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Business and financial plan of the issuer</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Cost at date of purchase</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The liquidity of the market (see the “<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_accounting_model/aag-brd5_inputs_to_valuation_techniques/aag-brd5_inputs_to_valuation_techniques.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-896b7304-bd47-d2b1-de83-248f2d3be2d0">Inputs to Valuation Techniques</xref>” section of this chapter for
                            considerations regarding this factor)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Contractual restrictions on salability</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Pending public offering with respect to the financial
                            instrument</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Pending reorganization activity affecting the financial instrument
                            (such as merger proposals, tender offers, debt restructurings, and
                            conversions)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reported prices and the extent of public trading in similar financial
                            instruments of the issuer or comparable entities</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Ability of the issuer to obtain needed financing</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Changes in the economic conditions affecting the issuer</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">A recent purchase or sale of a security of the entity</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Pricing by other dealers in similar securities</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.53" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.53</b> Management may
                    use a variety of methods to assist in determining the valuation of a financial
                    instrument. These methods include analogy to reliable quotations of similar
                    financial instruments, pricing models, matrix pricing, and other formula-based
                    pricing methods. These methodologies incorporate factors for which published
                    market data may be available. For instance, the mathematical technique known as
                    matrix pricing may be used to determine the values based on market data
                    available with respect to the issue and similar issues without exclusive
                    reliance on issuer-specific quoted market prices. FASB ASC 820-10-35-41C notes
                    that matrix pricing is an alternative pricing method that renders the fair value
                    measurement a lower-level measurement.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.54" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.54</b> Pricing methods
                    may also be based on a multiple of earnings or a discount (or, less frequently,
                    a premium) from market of a similar, freely traded security; on a yield to
                    maturity with respect to debt issues; or on a combination of these and other
                    methods. In addition, with respect to derivative products, other factors (such
                    as volatility, anticipated future interest rates, and term to maturity) should
                    be considered. If such methods are used, management should continuously review
                    the appropriateness of such methods to satisfy themselves that the resulting
                    valuations are fair and in compliance with FASB ASC 820.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>