<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24_UUID-ca1e800c-f3d1-1ff3-617f-df6878ea1aad" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Description of the Entity</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24_aag-afi10.17" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">10.17</b> Key factors in
                    assessing JLM’s control environment are the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">JLM’s management and board of directors instill high integrity and
                            ethical values throughout all aspects of the entity.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">JLM has in place a corporate compliance program specifically
                            prohibiting fraud against the entity that states the penalties for fraud
                            and requires employees to report fraud. In addition, a process exists to
                            identify high-risk areas of potential fraud exposure for the
                            entity.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">JLM has in place a quality information system that provides
                            system-generated information that gives management the ability to make
                            appropriate decisions in managing and controlling the entity’s
                            activities and to prepare reliable financial reports.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The board of directors is independent from management and holds
                            frequent, timely meetings with the CFO, accounting officer, internal
                            auditors, and external auditors.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Management provides sufficient, timely information to allow monitoring
                            of management’s financing objectives and strategies and JLM’s financial
                            position and operating results.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Management consults with the board of directors on all business risks.
                            Such business risks are accepted only after the board of directors’
                            study and approval. The board of directors approves all transactions
                            that involve derivatives.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">JLM’s organizational structure is appropriate to the entity’s size and
                            activities and has the ability to provide information appropriate to
                            manage the entity’s activities. The knowledge and experience of key
                            managers are appropriate to their responsibilities.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Assignment of responsibility and delegation of authority are
                            appropriate for the entity, given its size and the nature and complexity
                            of activities. Authority has been delegated to deal with organizational
                            goals and objectives, operating functions, and regulatory requirements,
                            including responsibility for information systems and authorization for
                            changes.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">JLM’s investing and financing activities are monitored closely by the
                            board of directors.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Management and the board of directors have a high commitment to
                            competence when hiring employees. The investing and financing function
                            is staffed with individuals who are knowledgeable about accounting for
                            derivatives.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24_aag-afi10.18" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">10.18</b> Although the
                    volume of derivatives transactions is low, the entity has established controls
                    over them. Some of JLM’s key controls include the following:</p>
      <ul class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Overall, controls over financial reporting of derivatives transactions
                            adequately provide segregation of duties and management
                            oversight.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">JLM has in place written policies regarding derivatives transactions
                            that were approved by the board of directors.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The board of directors approves all derivatives transactions.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Controls are in place to ensure that derivatives designated as hedges
                            meet the criteria for hedge accounting, both at inception and on an
                            ongoing basis.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">JLM’s CFO prepares an analysis for review
                            by the board of directors that identifies</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">the objective of the hedge and the strategy for accomplishing
                                    the objective.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">the nature of the risk being hedged.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">the derivative hedging instrument.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">the hedged item.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">how the entity will assess hedge effectiveness.</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">JLM’s investing and financing function maintains proper segregation of
                            duties among dealing (committing JLM to the transaction), settlement
                            (initiating cash payments and accepting cash receipts), and accounting
                            (recording all transactions and the valuation of the derivative).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The board has approved a list of top-tier investment brokers that
                            management may utilize for investment services.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">JLM has put in place controls and
                            procedures for the prevention or detection of errors, including the
                            following:</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Accounting entries for derivatives transactions are reviewed
                                    by senior management of the investing and financing function and
                                    subject to periodic review by the CFO.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Fair values are obtained from a broker-dealer and reviewed on
                                    a monthly basis.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Adjustments to financial instruments’ general ledger accounts
                                    are reviewed and approved by the controller.</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>