<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-d26c6b10-f755-9c39-9318-4de2cd46d4de" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Tax Information Reporting for Certain Customer Transactions</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_para-idm53392905137528" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.174</b> A broker-dealer is required to file information
                returns with the IRS for certain customer transactions and to also send the related
                form(s) to the customer. Examples of the more common returns and of the information
                they provide include the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Form 1099-B (broker transactions)</i>.
                            <ph class="- topic/ph ">
                  <fn callout="13" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4-footnote-idm53392905162726" class="- topic/fn ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">IRC Section 6045, as amended, requires that, in the case of a
                                covered security, every broker required to report the gross proceeds
                                from the sale of a security under IRC Section 6045(a) must also
                                report the customer’s adjusted basis in the security and whether any
                                gain or loss with respect to the security is long term or short
                                term. The reporting is typically done on IRS Form 1099-B. Form
                                1099-B instructions contain information about a covered security and
                                the additional information required to be reported.</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">    In addition, a broker (and certain other persons that transfer
                                custody of a covered security to a receiving broker) must furnish to
                                the receiving broker a written statement that allows the receiving
                                broker to satisfy the basis reporting requirements. The required
                                statement must be furnished to the receiving broker within 15 days
                                after the date of the transfer. Information regarding this
                                requirement can also be found in Form 1099-B instructions.</p>
                  </fn>
                  <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd2_tax_information_reporting.dita#UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-d26c6b10-f755-9c39-9318-4de2cd46d4de/UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4-footnote-idm53392905162726"/>
               </ph> The gross proceeds from the sale of securities conducted by the
                        broker-dealer during the year and the related cost basis of the securities
                        sold.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Form 1099-INT (interest)</i>. The amount of
                        interest received by the customer from securities held by the broker-dealer
                        during the year.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Form 1099-DIV (dividends).</i> The amount
                        of dividends received by the customer from equity securities held by the
                        broker-dealer during the year.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Form 1099-OID (original issue
                            discounts)</i>. The amount of interest accreted on original issue
                        discount securities (and any interest received on original issue discount
                        securities) held by the broker-dealer during the year.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Form 1099-R (retirement funds).</i> The
                        amounts withdrawn during the year from an individual retirement account
                        (IRA) or a pension account that is held at the broker-dealer's firm (the
                        broker-dealer is also required to provide other information about IRA
                        arrangements on Form 5498).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Form 1099-MISC (miscellaneous).</i> The
                        amount of payments in lieu of dividends earned by the customer but not
                        received because the security was placed by the broker-dealer in a stock
                        loan at the customer's request.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_para-idm53392905277462" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.175</b> The IRS generally matches information returns filed
                by the broker-dealer to its database to determine whether the payee's name and
                taxpayer identification number (TIN) correspond to its records. If there is a
                mismatch, the IRS notifies the broker-dealer (payor) of this fact. The payor is then
                required to send a letter to the payee informing him or her of the mismatch and
                request a Form W-9 be returned within 30 business days of the date of the
                notification from the IRS. If the payee does not return this W-9, all future
                reportable payments are subjected to backup withholding. If a payor does not
                withhold when required to do so, the payor becomes responsible for the tax.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_para-idm53392905283372" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.176</b> The IRS has rules regarding what action to take
                when a payee has provided an incorrect TIN. Certain notices should be sent to the
                payee. Depending on the situation, the broker-dealer may be required to begin backup
                withholding and continue backup withholding until notified by either the IRS or the
                Social Security Administration to stop. Once again, failure to withhold when
                required to do so will result in the payor being held responsible for the tax.
                Publication 1281, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Backup Withholding for Missing and
                    Incorrect Name/TIN(s)</i>, is available on the IRS website and contains
                information and forms related to backup withholding.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_para-idm53392905289866" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.177</b> The IRS requires broker-dealers to file Financial
                Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) Form 104, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Currency
                    Transaction Report</i> (formerly Form 4879), for customer deposits,
                withdrawals, exchanges of currency, or other payments or transfers by, through, or
                to the broker-dealer if they involve a transaction in currency of more than $10,000.
                In addition, FinCEN Form 101, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Suspicious Activity Report by
                    the Securities and Futures Industries</i>, should be filed to report
                suspicious activity. The instructions to FinCEN Form 101 outline when and under what
                circumstances a form should be filed.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>