<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-f6535e86-6de2-e164-deb7-4027ce95c1bd" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Overview</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.61" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.61</b> Most
                    transactions on securities exchanges and in certain active unlisted securities
                    are cleared and settled through clearing organizations that were established to
                    simplify and expedite the settlement of transactions between member firms.
                    Clearance is facilitated through DTCC’s Continuous Net Settlement (CNS) systems
                    that minimize paperwork and the movement of securities and money. This results
                    in one net position in each security (either to deliver or receive) between the
                    broker-dealer and clearing organization. Clearing organizations prepare daily
                    reports for members, showing the net security position (beginning balance less
                    sales and plus purchases, plus receipts, and less deliveries) by security and
                    the net money balance that is due to or from the clearing organization.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.62" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.62</b> After a trade
                    has been executed, the P&amp;S department enters the trade into the bookkeeping
                    system. Prior to the settlement date, the P&amp;S department determines the
                    amount to be paid or received at settlement. The P&amp;S department determines
                    and maintains records supporting its calculation of the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The contract money (including accrued interest on bonds and other
                            fixed-income securities)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Commissions</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Taxes</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">All other related money amounts</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.63" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.63</b> FASB ASC
                    940-320-30-1 explains that accrued interest earned on fixed-income securities is
                    computed from the last coupon payment date up to the settlement date. This
                    amount is paid to the seller of the instrument by the purchaser, who then
                    receives the full periodic interest amount on the next coupon payment
                    date.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.64" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.64</b> The P&amp;S
                    department maintains the records of floor brokerage fees that are due to other
                    broker-dealers who execute orders on the firm's behalf and brokerage fees due
                    from other broker-dealers. Floor brokers employed by the firm may execute trades
                    on behalf of other broker-dealers for which the firm is paid a brokerage fee.
                    Broker-dealers often engage floor brokers who are responsible for executing
                    securities transactions on the exchanges for the account of the
                    broker-dealer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.65" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.65</b> As explained in
                    FASB ASC 940-20-25-8, if the floor broker is employed by the broker-dealer, any
                    costs associated with the floor broker's employment are generally reported as
                    employee compensation. Costs paid to independent floor brokers or floor brokers
                    of other firms for trades on behalf of the broker-dealer are generally reported
                    as floor brokerage expense.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>