<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_UUID-15601fe3-464f-0083-4133-0c22f1f7e7e1" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Monitoring of Controls</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.38" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.38</b> The entity’s
                    ongoing monitoring activities are designed to detect and correct any
                    deficiencies in the effectiveness of controls over transactions for financial
                    instruments and their valuation. It is important that there is adequate
                    supervision and review of financial instrument activity within the entity,
                    including</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">all controls being subject to review (for example, the monitoring of
                            operational statistics, such as the number of reconciling items or the
                            difference between internal pricing and external pricing
                            sources).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the need for robust IT controls and monitoring and validating their
                            application.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the need to ensure that information resulting from different processes
                            and systems is adequately reconciled. For example, there is little
                            benefit in a valuation process if its output is not reconciled properly
                            to the general ledger.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.39" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.39</b> In larger
                    entities, sophisticated computer information systems generally keep track of
                    financial instrument activities and are designed to ensure that settlements
                    occur when due. More complex computer systems may generate automatic postings to
                    clearing accounts to monitor cash movements, and controls over processing are
                    put in place with the objective of ensuring that financial instrument activities
                    are correctly reflected in the entity’s records. Computer systems may be
                    designed to produce exception reports to alert management to situations when
                    financial instruments have not been used within authorized limits or when
                    transactions undertaken were not within the limits established for the chosen
                    counterparties. However, even a sophisticated computer system may not ensure the
                    completeness of the recording of financial instrument transactions. Accordingly,
                    management frequently puts additional procedures in place to increase the
                    likelihood that all transactions will be recorded.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>