<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-3320aaf9-9ed9-ea0d-1fb4-a50f811dbfdf" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">International Securities</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.112" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.112</b> Certain issues
                    are unique to non-U.S. securities that are traded in foreign markets. Each
                    foreign market should be examined separately because of the following
                    characteristics:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">There are custody issues related to the receipt and delivery of
                            securities corresponding to transactions, the collection and payment of
                            dividends and interest, information gathering, and processing with
                            regard to corporate actions. Foreign custody agents must qualify under
                            SEC Rule 17f-4 governing the eligibility of depositories.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Custody requirements vary by country. Settlement cycles, as well as
                            holiday schedules, are usually different. Other than in the United
                            States, the exchange of shares for money seldom takes place
                            simultaneously. In some clearing environments, the actual delivery of
                            shares takes place more than 24 hours before payment. Therefore,
                            counterparty risk and the process for choosing counterparties are
                            important factors.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The means of settling transactions in different countries can be
                            dissimilar. Depending on the marketplace, book shares, physical shares
                            (both registered and bearer), issuers' receipts, or transfer agent
                            receipts may be the norm for transfer of ownership.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Trading in offshore markets may involve the use of corresponding
                            foreign exchange (FX) transactions to convert into the local currency of
                            the foreign market. Such an FX transaction is another contract with its
                            own risks and liabilities.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Each country has its own unique rules relating to certain
                            exception-type transactions. The issues may be whether short sales are
                            allowed in the trading environment, if a stock loan is a business in
                            that market, and what the regulatory issues relating to contract
                            closeouts are.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Tax and regulatory issues within a foreign market are additional
                            considerations to review. Issues relating to the withholding of taxes,
                            principal and income repatriation, and proper registrations are
                            important within that market. The U.S. rules as they relate to a U.S.
                            broker-dealer transacting business in the international marketplace are
                            also a variable that affects business. Aged foreign fails are treated
                            differently from domestic fails with respect to net capital charges and
                            buy-ins. (See SEC Rules 15c3-1 and 15c3-3.)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Cultural differences, although not a quantitative concept, can at
                            times be a factor in doing business internationally. Issues such as
                            language barriers, differences in work habits, and time-zone differences
                            might be considered.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>