<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_UUID-952de51d-05c7-12f8-86b1-fbcf51ff87db" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Management’s Valuation Process</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.34" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.34</b> Techniques that
                    management may use to value the entity’s financial instruments include
                    observable prices, recent transactions, and models that use observable or
                    unobservable inputs. Management may also make use of a</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">third-party pricing source, such as a pricing service or broker
                            quote.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">valuation specialist.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Third-party pricing sources and valuation specialists may use one or more of
                    these valuation techniques.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.35" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.35</b> In many
                    financial reporting frameworks, the best evidence of a financial instrument’s
                    fair value is found in contemporaneous transactions in an active market (that
                    is, level 1 inputs). In such cases, the valuation of a financial instrument may
                    be relatively simple. Quoted prices for financial instruments that are listed on
                    exchanges or traded in liquid OTC markets may be available from sources such as
                    financial publications, the exchanges themselves, or third-party pricing
                    sources. When using quoted prices, it is important that management understand
                    the basis on which the quote is given to ensure that the price reflects market
                    conditions at the measurement date. Quoted prices obtained from publications or
                    exchanges may provide sufficient evidence of fair value when, for example,
                    the</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">prices are not out of date or "stale" (for example, if the quote is
                            based on the last traded price, and the trade occurred some time
                            ago).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">quotes are prices at which dealers would actually trade the financial
                            instrument with sufficient frequency and volume.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.36" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.36</b> When no current
                    observable market price for the financial instrument (that is, a level 1 input)
                    exists, it will be necessary for the entity to gather other price indicators to
                    use in a valuation technique to value the financial instrument. Price indicators
                    may include</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">recent transactions, including transactions after the date of the
                            financial statements in the same instrument. Consideration is given to
                            whether an adjustment needs to be made for changes in market conditions
                            between the measurement date and the date the transaction was made
                            because these transactions are not necessarily indicative of the market
                            conditions that existed at the date of the financial statements. In
                            addition, it is possible the transaction represents a forced transaction
                            and, therefore, is not indicative of a price in an orderly trade.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">current or recent transactions in similar instruments, often known as
                            proxy pricing. Adjustments will need to be made to the price of the
                            proxy to reflect the differences between it and the instrument being
                            priced (for example, to take account of differences in liquidity or
                            credit risk between the two instruments).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">indexes for similar instruments. As with transactions in similar
                            instruments, adjustments will need to be made to reflect the difference
                            between the instrument being priced and the instrument(s) from which the
                            index used is derived.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">transactions in the financial instrument occurring on thinly traded
                            markets, such as OTC or bulletin board exchanges.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.37" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.37</b> Management is
                    expected to document its valuation policies and model used to value a particular
                    financial instrument, including the rationale for the model(s) used, the
                    selection of assumptions in the valuation methodology, and the entity’s
                    consideration of whether adjustments for measurement uncertainty are
                    necessary.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>