<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-30f24b97-406f-2fa8-f26e-a73ea8f967c7" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Sales and Compliance</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.40" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.40</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">New accounts</i>. Control and monitoring activities for
                    opening and maintaining new accounts are essential for broker-dealers. The
                    opening of new accounts is primarily the responsibility of customer service
                    centers and branch offices. Control and monitoring activities are designed to
                    ensure that recorded transactions are valid, complete, and properly authorized.
                    Some of the control and monitoring activities typically associated with new
                    accounts (some of which are required by regulatory authorities) include the
                    following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Approving new accounts by appropriately licensed personnel and
                            ensuring that the account file contains documentation concerning the
                            essential facts pertaining to each customer. For instance, if the
                            customer is a corporation, the file indicates that the person from whom
                            the orders are accepted is duly authorized by the corporation to act on
                            its behalf. Rules requiring such documentation, as well as related
                            account supervision activities, are referred to as the
                            "know-your-customer" rules. Special documentation may also be required
                            for other accounts, such as for all customers who wish to trade options
                            or customers who are nonresident aliens, or other types of products and
                            offerings, including cash sweep programs.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Ensuring customer files contain signed copies of IRS Form W-9 and, for
                            non-U.S. citizens, IRS Form W-8.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Ensuring margin customers sign agreements, referred to as
                            hypothecation agreements, that authorize the broker-dealer to use
                            customers' securities that are not fully paid for. Broker-dealers may
                            finance unpaid balances by borrowing money from banks or other
                            broker-dealers and use customer securities as collateral to the extent
                            permissible.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Requiring that all accounts be in the name of the customer, unless the
                            broker-dealer has received a written statement signed by the customer
                            attesting to his or her ownership of an account in any other name,
                            symbol, or number.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Mailing letters to customers requesting confirmation after being
                            notified of changes in addresses. Some broker-dealers mail confirmation
                            requests to the customers' last known and current addresses.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Mailing or electronically transmitting, as appropriate, customer
                            statements periodically.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Requiring written authorization from each customer who consents to
                            electronic delivery of account statements and other confirmations and
                            communications. (See NASD Notice to Members 98-03 for SEC expectations
                            from broker-dealers providing information electronically.)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Requiring written authorization from each customer for whom the
                            broker-dealer carries a discretionary account, receiving the approval
                            (from a designated person who does not exercise discretionary authority)
                            for every trade in the discretionary account, and mailing an advice to
                            the discretionary account customer on the date each trade is
                            executed.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Identifying the accounts of partners, officers, and employees and
                            their known relatives so that transactions in such accounts can be
                            reviewed by designated personnel.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Obtaining written approval from another broker-dealer for opening an
                            account of an employee of that broker-dealer.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Ensuring policies and procedures exist and function to comply with the
                            requirements of the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing
                            Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of
                            2001 (USA PATRIOT Act).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Accurately capturing and verifying all unique customer data attributes
                            in the broker-dealer's client reference data master files, including
                            designating the account as customer or proprietary, which will serve as
                            the source for key downstream processing.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.41" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.41</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Order entry</i>. The primary objectives of the order
                    department are to ensure that all authorized orders are directed to the proper
                    marketplace, executed, and accurately recorded. Customer orders generate
                    accounting entries that affect the following financial statement
                    accounts:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Receivables from, and payables to, customers</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Firm inventory</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Receivables from, and payables to, other broker-dealers and clearing
                            organizations</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Principal transactions income</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Commission income and expense</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Interest income and expense on margin transactions</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Cash</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Order flow revenue</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.42" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.42</b> Some of the
                    control and monitoring activities typically associated with the order department
                    include the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Assigning a number to orders when placed and accounting for all order
                            numbers.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing the open order file, by supervisory personnel.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Comparing trade data recorded on the customer confirmation with the
                            order form prepared by the order department and registered
                            representative before mailing it to the customer.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Requiring that the execution price of an order be confirmed by the
                            order department to the registered representative, and by the registered
                            representative to the customer shortly after placing the order. Lack of
                            confirmation of execution usually initiates inquiry by the registered
                            representative or customer.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Including a check digit in the customer account number on order
                            forms.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Segregating and not processing orders lacking required information,
                            such as an invalid contra broker-dealer number.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Verifying completed order forms.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Not processing limit orders if the execution price is not within
                            predetermined market limits.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Using order forms that provide for the entry of all relevant
                            information about an order to be processed.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Time stamping orders when they are placed, when they are transmitted
                            to exchanges or trading rooms, and upon notice of execution. Disputes
                            regarding prices can be resolved based on the time the order was placed
                            and executed.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Requiring orders, other than those automatically executed, to be
                            initiated by a registered representative, placed by the order desk,
                            executed by a trader, and confirmed by a clerk.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing exception reports to resolve quantity and price
                            differences.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Verifying the routing of order flow per the company agrees to the
                            volume of rebates received from market-makers.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.43" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.43</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Sales compliance</i>. The compliance department is
                    responsible for ensuring that the broker-dealer's sales activities are conducted
                    in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. Some of the control and
                    monitoring activities typically associated with and in connection with
                    regulatory rules requiring adequate supervision of the sales compliance function
                    include the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Monitoring and reviewing transactions in customer accounts for
                            suitability, particularly with respect to discretionary accounts.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Documenting and investigating customer complaints and reporting them
                            to FINRA on a quarterly basis.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Requiring sales representatives to be registered in accordance with
                            applicable regulations.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Monitoring and reviewing transactions in employee accounts.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Requiring a cash transaction reporting form to be completed for all
                            receipts of funds, in conformity with anti-money laundering rules and
                            regulations, including the Bank Secrecy Act.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing proprietary transactions to identify transactions that may
                            violate prohibitions on insider trading or represent manipulative and
                            deceptive practices and considering the need for disclosures under
                            recent SEC guidance. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
                  <fn callout="2" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad-footnote-idm53393073637878" class="- topic/fn ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">See Insider Trading Arrangements and Related Disclosures at
                                        <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.sec.gov/investment/insider-trading-arrangements-and-related-disclosures">https://www.sec.gov/investment/insider-trading-arrangements-and-related-disclosures</xref>.</p>
                  </fn>
                  <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd4_sales_and_compliance.dita#UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-30f24b97-406f-2fa8-f26e-a73ea8f967c7/UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad-footnote-idm53393073637878"/>
               </ph>
            </p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Monitoring and actively reviewing closed accounts or inactive
                            accounts, including escrow requirements.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Generating and then reviewing exception reports that highlight unusual
                            activity.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing sales and advertising literature to ensure compliance with
                            federal and state securities laws, as well as various regulations of
                            self-regulatory bodies.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing initial public offerings to customers to ensure that the
                            securities offered are registered in accordance with the Securities Act
                            of 1933 and in accordance with state Blue-Sky laws.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>