<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-8ee7ee6b-4a9b-86bb-0192-e9491620fe72" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Transfers of Financial Assets</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.81" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.81</b> FASB ASC 860,
                    Transfers and Servicing, establishes accounting and reporting standards for
                    transfers and servicing of recognized financial assets, including sales of
                    financial assets, secured borrowings and collateral, and servicing assets and
                    liabilities. As noted in FASB ASC 860-10-05-4, transfers of financial assets
                    often occur in which the transferor has some continuing involvement either with
                    the assets transferred or the transferee. This situation raises issues about the
                    circumstances under which a transfer should be considered a sale of financial
                    assets rather than a secured borrowing and how transferees and transferors
                    should account for such transactions.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.82" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.82</b> Broker-dealers
                    enter into a variety of transactions that may be required to be accounted for
                    either as sales of securities or secured borrowings, <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="8" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn8" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Secured borrowings</i>, as that term is
                            used in FASB ASC 860, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Transfers and
                                Servicing</i>, are also sometimes referred to as
                            collateralized financings.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd5_transfers_of_financial_assets.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-8ee7ee6b-4a9b-86bb-0192-e9491620fe72/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn8"/>
         </ph> depending on the terms of the particular transaction. These
                    arrangements include securities borrowing and lending transactions, repo and
                    reverse repo agreements, dollar repurchase agreements (dollar rolls), and
                    fractional shares. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="9" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn9" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Consistent with the March 2022 AICPA Stockbrokerage and Investment
                            Banking Expert Panel meeting highlights, individual facts and
                            circumstances need to be considered to determine the appropriate
                            presentation of fractional shares within the company’s financial
                            statements, including determining whether the broker-dealer is acting as
                            a principal rather than as an agent in the transaction and, if deemed to
                            be acting as a principal, the corresponding potential impact of FASB ASC
                            860 as a result of offering fractional shares to customers. If acting as
                            principal and where the criteria for derecognition is not met under FASB
                            ASC 860, the accounting analysis may cause the broker-dealer to record
                            financial assets for the fractional shares held by its customers (the
                            “financial assets”) and corresponding financial liabilities, which
                            represent secured borrowings (the “financial liabilities”) on the
                            broker-dealer’s statement of financial condition. The broker-dealer may
                            also need to consider whether the statement of operations is impacted
                            based on the accounting conclusions reached.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd5_transfers_of_financial_assets.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-8ee7ee6b-4a9b-86bb-0192-e9491620fe72/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn9"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.83" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.83</b> Securities
                    lending transactions are documented as loans of securities in which the borrower
                    of securities generally is required to provide collateral, commonly cash but
                    sometimes other securities or standby letters of credit, to the lender of
                    securities. The collateral provided will have a value slightly higher than that
                    of the securities borrowed. If the collateral is cash, the lender of securities
                    typically earns a return by investing that cash at rates higher than the rate
                    paid or rebated to the borrower. If the collateral is other than cash, the
                    lender of securities typically receives a fee.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.84" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.84</b> Repo and reverse
                    repo agreements are structured such that they are documented legally as sales or
                    purchases of securities with forward purchase or sales contracts. In a repo
                    agreement, a security is sold with an agreement to repurchase the security from
                    the buyer; in a reverse repo agreement, a security is purchased with an
                    agreement to resell the security to the seller-lender at a stated price plus
                    interest at a specific date or in specified circumstances. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="10" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn10" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">In certain industries, the terminology is reversed.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd5_transfers_of_financial_assets.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-8ee7ee6b-4a9b-86bb-0192-e9491620fe72/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn10"/>
         </ph> In general, most repo and reverse repo agreements are accounted for
                    as financings, disregarding the legal form of the agreement.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.85" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.85</b> The FASB ASC
                    Master Glossary defines <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">dollar roll repurchase
                        agreements</i> (dollar rolls) as agreements to sell and repurchase
                    similar but not identical securities. The securities sold and repurchased are
                    usually of the same issuer. Dollar rolls differ from regular repurchase
                    agreements in that the securities sold and repurchased have all of the following
                    characteristics:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">They are represented by different certificates.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">They are collateralized by different but similar mortgage pools (for
                            example, conforming single-family residential mortgages).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">They generally have different principal amounts.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Fixed coupon and yield maintenance dollar agreements compose the most common
                    agreement variations. In a fixed coupon agreement, the seller and buyer agree
                    that delivery will be made with securities having the same stated interest rate
                    as the interest rate stated on the securities sold. In a yield maintenance
                    agreement, the parties agree that delivery will be made with securities that
                    will provide the seller a yield that is specified in the agreement.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>