<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_UUID-2c5ff74b-4d07-bbe4-0a20-4a9d635c8194" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Assessing the Risk of Material Misstatement Related to
                Valuation</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_aag-afi5.04" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.04</b> When evaluating
                whether the valuation techniques used by an entity are appropriate in the
                circumstances and whether controls over valuation techniques are in place, the
                factors considered by the auditor may include</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">whether the valuation techniques are commonly used by other market
                        participants and have been previously demonstrated to provide a reliable
                        estimate of prices obtained from market transactions.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">whether the valuation techniques operate as intended, and there are no
                        flaws in their design, particularly under extreme conditions, and whether
                        they have been objectively validated. Indicators of flaws include
                        inconsistent movements relative to benchmarks.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">whether the valuation techniques take into account the risks inherent in
                        the financial instrument being valued, including counterparty
                        creditworthiness, and own credit risk in the case of valuation techniques
                        used to measure financial liabilities.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">how the valuation techniques are calibrated to the market, including the
                        sensitivity of the valuation techniques to changes in variables.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">whether market variables and assumptions are used consistently and whether
                        new conditions justify a change in the valuation techniques, market
                        variables, or assumptions used.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">whether sensitivity analyses indicate that valuations would change
                        significantly with only small or moderate changes in assumptions.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the organizational structure, such as the existence of an internal
                        department responsible for developing models to value certain instruments,
                        particularly when Level 3 inputs are involved. For example, a model
                        development function that is involved in assisting in pricing deals is less
                        objective than one that is functionally and organizationally segregated from
                        the sales function.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the competence and objectivity of those responsible for the development
                        and application of the valuation techniques, including management’s relative
                        experience with particular models that may be newly developed.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">The auditor (or auditor’s specialist) may also independently develop one or more
                valuation techniques to compare his or her output with that of the valuation
                techniques used by management.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>