<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_UUID-35a9a3fc-f81e-41ba-1edc-bb896fe3674b" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Purpose and Risks of Using Financial Instruments</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.04" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.04</b> Financial
                instruments may be used for</p>
      <ul class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">hedging purposes (for example, to change an existing risk profile to which
                        an entity is exposed). This includes</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">the forward purchase or sale of currency to fix a future exchange
                                rate.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">converting future interest rates to fixed rates or floating rates
                                through the use of swaps.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">the purchase of option contracts to provide an entity with
                                protection against a particular price movement, including contracts
                                that may contain embedded derivatives.</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">trading purposes (for example, to enable an entity to take a risk position
                        to benefit from short-term market movements).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">investment purposes (for example, to enable an entity to benefit from
                        long-term investment returns).</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.05" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.05</b> The use of financial
                instruments can reduce exposures to certain business risks (for example, changes in
                exchange rates, interest rates, and commodity prices or a combination of those
                risks). On the other hand, the inherent complexities of some financial instruments
                also may result in increased risk.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.06" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.06</b> Business risk
                    <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="2" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb-aag-afi1-fn2" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Business risk</i> is defined in paragraph
                        .04 of AU-C section 315B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Understanding the Entity
                            and Its Environment and Assessing the Risks of Material
                            Misstatement</i>.</p>
               <p class="- topic/p ">    All AU-C sections can be found in AICPA <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">
                     <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps.dita#UUID-31e5d376-7dc9-0bde-c2d8-e38aa3d16588">Professional Standards</xref>
                     <unknown id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_N661754ff9e5d6" class="- topic/unknown ">AICPA Professional
                            Standards</unknown>
                  </i>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi1_purpose_and_risks_of.dita#UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_UUID-35a9a3fc-f81e-41ba-1edc-bb896fe3674b/UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb-aag-afi1-fn2"/>
         </ph> and the risk of material misstatement increase when management and those
                charged with governance</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">do not fully understand the risks of using financial instruments and have
                        insufficient skills and experience to manage those risks.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">do not have the expertise to value them appropriately in accordance with
                        the applicable financial reporting framework.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">do not have sufficient controls in place over financial instrument
                        activities.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">inappropriately hedge risks or speculate.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.07" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.07</b> Management’s failure
                to fully understand the risks inherent in a financial instrument can have a direct
                effect on management’s ability to manage these risks appropriately and may
                ultimately threaten the viability of the entity.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.08" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.08</b> The following are
                principal types of risk applicable to financial instruments. This list is not meant
                to be exhaustive, and different terminology may be used to describe these risks or
                classify the components of individual risks:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul none" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Credit (or counterparty) risk. </b>
               <ph class="- topic/ph ">
                  <fn callout="3" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb-aag-afi1-fn3" class="- topic/fn ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">See the FASB ASC Master Glossary for definitions of <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">credit risk</i> for purposes of a hedged
                                item in a fair value hedge and a hedged transaction in a cash flow
                                hedge.</p>
                  </fn>
                  <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi1_purpose_and_risks_of.dita#UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_UUID-35a9a3fc-f81e-41ba-1edc-bb896fe3674b/UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb-aag-afi1-fn3"/>
               </ph>
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Credit risk</i> is the risk that
                        one party to a financial instrument will cause a financial loss to another
                        party by failing to discharge an obligation, and it is often associated with
                        default. Credit risk includes counterparty risk and settlement risk, which
                        are defined as follows:</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Counterparty risk</i>. Connotes the
                                exposure to the aggregate credit risk posed by all transactions with
                                one counterparty.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Settlement risk</i>. The related
                                exposure that a counterparty may fail to perform under a contract
                                after the end user has delivered funds or assets according to its
                                obligations. Settlement risk relates almost solely to
                                over-the-counter (OTC) contracts (that is, nonexchange-traded
                                instruments). One method for minimizing settlement risk is to enter
                                into a master netting agreement that allows the parties to offset
                                all their related payable and receivable positions at
                                settlement.</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Market risk. </b>
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Market risk</i> is the risk that the fair value or future cash
                        flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate because of changes in market
                        prices. Market risk comprises currency risk, interest rate risk, and other
                        price risk.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Liquidity risk. </b>Liquidity risk includes
                        the risk of not being able to buy or sell a financial instrument at an
                        appropriate price in a timely manner due to a lack of marketability for that
                        financial instrument.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Operational risk.</b> Operational risk
                        relates to the specific processing required for financial instruments.
                        Operational risk may increase as the complexity of a financial instrument
                        increases, and poor management of operational risk may increase other types
                        of risk. Operational risk includes the risk</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">that confirmation and reconciliation controls are inadequate,
                                resulting in incomplete or inaccurate recording of financial
                                instruments.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">that inappropriate documentation of transactions and insufficient
                                monitoring of these transactions exist.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">that transactions are incorrectly recorded, processed, or risk
                                managed and, therefore, do not reflect the economics of the overall
                                trade.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">that undue reliance is placed by staff on the accuracy of
                                valuation techniques without adequate review, and transactions are,
                                therefore, incorrectly valued, or their risk is improperly
                                measured.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">that the use of financial instruments is not adequately
                                incorporated into the entity’s risk management policies and
                                procedures.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes and
                                systems or from external events, including the risk of fraud from
                                both internal and external sources.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">that inadequate or nontimely maintenance of valuation techniques
                                used to measure financial instruments exist.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">that losses may result from a legal or regulatory action that
                                invalidates or otherwise precludes performance by the end user or
                                its counterparty under the terms of the contract or related netting
                                arrangements (that is, legal risk, which is a component of
                                operational risk). For example, legal risk could arise from
                                insufficient or incorrect documentation for the contract, an
                                inability to enforce a netting arrangement in bankruptcy, adverse
                                changes in tax laws, or statutes that prohibit entities from
                                investing in certain types of financial instruments.</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.09" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.09</b> Other considerations
                relevant to risks of using financial instruments include the risk</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">of fraud that may be increased if, for example, an employee in a position
                        to perpetrate a financial fraud understands both the financial instruments
                        and processes for accounting for them, but management and those charged with
                        governance have a lesser degree of understanding.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">that master netting arrangements <ph class="- topic/ph ">
                  <fn callout="4" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb-aag-afi1-fn4" class="- topic/fn ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">An entity that undertakes a number of financial instrument
                                transactions with a single counterparty may enter into a master
                                netting arrangement with that counterparty. Such an agreement
                                provides for a single net settlement of all financial instruments
                                covered by the agreement in the event of default of any one
                                contract. See FASB ASC 815-10-45 for information on offsetting
                                amounts related to derivative instruments.</p>
                  </fn>
                  <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi1_purpose_and_risks_of.dita#UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_UUID-35a9a3fc-f81e-41ba-1edc-bb896fe3674b/UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb-aag-afi1-fn4"/>
               </ph> may not be properly reflected in the financial
                        statements.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">that some financial instruments may change between being assets or
                        liabilities during their term and that such change may occur rapidly.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>