<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-6a75b49f-7ce0-a427-2934-a8ff2882ab2e" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">SEC Rule 15c3-1(e), “Notice Provisions Relating to the Limitations on
                    the Withdrawal of Equity Capital”</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_para-idm53393033103236" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.62</b> Because of concerns that cash or
                    other liquid assets generated in the broker-dealer’s business could be removed
                    to support financial obligations of the broker-dealer’s parent or affiliates,
                    SEC Rule 15c3-1(e) is intended to prevent controlling persons from making
                    material withdrawals of liquid assets from a broker-dealer without first
                    notifying its designated examining authority.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_para-idm53393033109014" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.63</b> Broker-dealers are subject to
                    notifications of, or limitations on, capital withdrawals that reduce the excess
                    net capital by various percentages, as discussed in SEC Rule 15c3-1(e) or are
                    deemed by the SEC or its designated examining authority, to inhibit the ability
                    to sustain the current business activities or meet the financial obligations of
                    the broker-dealer. It is inappropriate for broker-dealers to record withdrawals
                    of equity capital or capital distributions as an expense, a receivable, or an
                    investment.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_para-idm53393033114128" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.64</b> Broker-dealers are required to notify
                    the SEC and their designated examining authority (for example, FINRA)</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">2 days in advance of any withdrawal, which, when aggregated with
                            withdrawals made during the preceding 30 days, exceeds 30% of the
                            broker-dealers’ excess net capital, and</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">2 days following any withdrawal, which, when aggregated with
                            withdrawals made during the preceding 30 days, exceeds 20% of the
                            broker-dealers’ excess net capital.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_para-idm53393033120606" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.65</b> SEC Rule 15c3-1(e) precludes any
                    withdrawal if it results in the broker-dealer having unacceptably low levels of
                    net capital relative to the nature of its business activities. For example, the
                    rule prohibits a withdrawal that would result in the broker-dealer’s net capital
                    amounting to less than 25% of its total market risk deductions (haircuts).
                    Specific withdrawal limitations are enumerated in SEC Rule 15c3-1(e)(2). Also,
                    the SEC could prohibit any withdrawal for 20 business days if the SEC concluded
                    that the withdrawal would impair the financial integrity of the broker-dealer or
                    affect the broker-dealer’s ability to repay customers’ claims and liabilities
                    which may cause a significant impact on the markets or expose the customers or
                    creditors of the broker-dealer to loss without taking into account the
                    application of the Securities Investor Protection Act of 1970.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_para-idm53393033127808" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.66</b> Paragraph (1) of FINRA Rule 4110(c)
                    requires a member firm to obtain written approval from FINRA prior to withdrawal
                    of capital, which was contributed within the preceding 12 months. Paragraph (2)
                    of FINRA Rule 4110(c) applies solely to member firms that carry accounts or
                    otherwise clear transactions. Such firms must first obtain written approval from
                    FINRA prior to withdrawal of liquid assets if such withdrawal, when aggregated
                    with withdrawals occurring over the preceding 35 days, exceeds 10% of the firm’s
                    excess net capital. For more information, see Regulatory Notice 09-71 on FINRA’s
                    website.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>