<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-d0b30186-cb31-c41e-c0eb-ddc0b16058b9" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Proprietary Trades</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.49" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.49</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Dealer</i>. Many broker-dealers attempt to profit from
                    firm trading by selling securities at a higher price than what they paid for
                    them. Firm proprietary trading activity can be broadly divided into dealer and
                    positioning strategies.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.50" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.50</b> With a dealer
                    strategy, the broker-dealer attempts to balance buy and sell transactions with
                    different customers or other broker-dealers and earn the difference between the
                    price paid on the purchase (bid) and the price received on the sale (ask). If a
                    broker-dealer cannot simultaneously execute a buy and corresponding sell, the
                    firm is at risk to market volatility during the time between execution of the
                    purchase and execution of the sale. Hedging strategies are often employed to
                    minimize that risk; however, hedge accounting is permitted only if the
                    requirements of FASB <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting Standards
                        Codification</i> (ASC) 815, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Derivatives and
                        Hedging</i>, are met.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.51" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.51</b> Positioning
                    strategies involve the broker-dealer buying and selling securities in
                    anticipation of certain market movements and holding such positions for longer
                    periods than with dealer strategies. If a trader anticipates that a security's
                    price will rise, the trader may take a long position in that security; if a
                    security is expected to decline in value, the trader may take a short position.
                    Positioning strategies are riskier than dealer strategies because the security
                    is held for a longer time. If a trader incorrectly forecasts the market, losses
                    can be incurred.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.52" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.52</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Trader and investor</i>. Trading desks typically
                    maintain trade date records based on trading strategies that may include
                    different types of instruments. Those records, if not integrated with the
                    accounting department records, should be reconciled periodically to them.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.53" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.53</b> In addition to
                    marketable securities, broker-dealers may purchase securities for investment
                    that are not readily marketable or whose sale is restricted by the purchase
                    terms. Securities purchased for investment should be designated and recorded
                    separately in the accounts of a broker-dealer to meet the requirements of the
                    IRS because they are purchased with the expectation of future capital gains. The
                    broker-dealer's records should clearly indicate by the close of the day on which
                    an investment security is acquired (floor specialists currently have seven
                    business days) that it is held for investment.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.54" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.54</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Underwriter</i>. A broker-dealer participating in
                    underwriting activities may act as managing underwriter, comanaging underwriter,
                    or participating underwriter. The managing underwriter is responsible for
                    organizing the other participating underwriters and the selling group. This
                    function is often performed jointly by two or more firms as comanagers. A
                    managing underwriter, in addition to being a participating underwriter,
                    typically negotiates the transaction with the issuer of the security and
                    maintains the records of the underwriting group. A comanager takes part in the
                    negotiations but does not maintain the records of the group.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.55" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.55</b> Underwritings
                    are either firm commitments or best efforts. In a “firm commitment”
                    underwriting, the underwriter or underwriting group acts as principal and has an
                    open contractual commitment to purchase securities from the issuer and a
                    liability for unsold securities. In a “best efforts” underwriting, the
                    underwriter or underwriting group acts as agent and has no open contractual
                    commitment to purchase securities from the issuer or any liability for unsold
                    securities. Publicly offered underwritings are generally on a firm commitment
                    basis. Private offerings of securities may be either on a firm commitment or
                    best efforts basis. Rule 15c3-1 and related SEC staff interpretations prescribe
                    net capital treatment for open contractual commitments related to the offering
                    of securities. The following paragraphs describe a public offering on a firm
                    commitment basis. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="9" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4-footnote-idm53392901581026" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">To assist firms in complying with SEC rules regarding financial and
                            operational matters, FINRA makes available certain interpretations
                            provided by the staff of the SEC's Division of Trading and Markets (see
                                <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.finra.org/industry/interpretationsfor">https://www.finra.org/industry/interpretationsfor</xref>).
                            Additionally, in April 2019, July 2021 and December 2021, FINRA made
                            available Regulatory Notice 19-11, Regulatory Notice 21-27, and
                            Regulatory Notice 21-45, respectively, which relates to Rule 15c3-1.
                            (See <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.finra.org/sites/default/files/Regulatory-Notice-19-11.pdf">https://www.finra.org/sites/default/files/regulatory-notice-19-11.pdf</xref>.)</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd2_proprietary_trades.dita#UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-d0b30186-cb31-c41e-c0eb-ddc0b16058b9/UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4-footnote-idm53392901581026"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.56" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.56</b> Participating
                    underwriters maintain records of each underwriting participation only to the
                    extent they are involved. To spread the risk of an underwriting and facilitate
                    its distribution, the underwriters may sell all or part of the securities
                    directly to the public or a selling group that in turn sells the securities to
                    the public. If an issue is not fully sold, the liability is shared among the
                    participating underwriters through either an undivided or divided arrangement.
                    An <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">undivided liability</i> is an arrangement
                    whereby each member of an underwriting syndicate is liable for its proportionate
                    share of unsold securities in the underwriting account regardless of the number
                    of securities it has previously sold. Under divided liability, the member's
                    liability for an underwriting is fixed or definite in amount. Selling groups are
                    not underwriters and have no obligation to sell the securities allocated to
                    them. Accordingly, they are entitled only to a selling concession.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.57" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.57</b> The managing
                    underwriter maintains the subscription records for the underwriting and receives
                    from the participating underwriters and members of the selling group reports of
                    orders from their customers so that it knows the status of the offering.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.58" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.58</b> The managing
                    underwriter maintains daily position listings of the entire issue and ascertains
                    the status of securities subscribed to and whether they have been delivered to
                    the participating underwriters. Expenses associated with each underwriting are
                    accumulated in the general ledger in separate deferred expense accounts. That is
                    known as running the books. When the underwriting is completed, the profit or
                    loss on the underwriting is determined and distributed to the participating
                    underwriters.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.59" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.59</b> The difference
                    between the price to the public and that to the issuer (the gross underwriting
                    spread) represents the underwriters' and selling group's compensation for the
                    risk and cost of selling the issue. The gross underwriting spread is generally
                    apportioned between the underwriters and selling group and consists of a
                    management fee, an underwriting fee, and a selling concession. The underwriters
                    may be entitled to a management fee, an underwriting fee, or both.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.60" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.60</b> FASB ASC
                    940-720-05-1 states that FASB ASC 940-720 addresses the accounting for mutual
                    fund distribution costs for brokers and dealers in securities.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>