<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-331de13d-a313-0fc9-9d0d-2b096969bd8c" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Sale Treatment of Transferred Assets</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">Sale Treatment of Transferred Assets <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="11" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn11" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Refer to FASB ASC 860 for complete information.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd5_sale_treatment_of_transferred.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-331de13d-a313-0fc9-9d0d-2b096969bd8c/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn11"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.86" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.86</b> FASB ASC
                        860-10-40 sets forth the conditions required to be met in order to treat the
                        transfer of financial assets as a sale. There are a number of factors to
                        consider when determining when and how to account for transfers of financial
                        assets. One factor is whether the transferee would be consolidated by the
                        transferor. Another key factor in determining if the transaction is a sale
                        (and, therefore, derecognized from the statement of financial position) is
                        determining whether the transferor has surrendered control over the
                        transferred financial assets.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.87" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.87</b> As noted in
                        FASB ASC 860-10-40-5, a transfer of an entire financial asset, a group of
                        entire financial assets, or a participating interest <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="12" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn12" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Participating interest</i> is
                                defined in FASB ASC 860-10-40-6A.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd5_sale_treatment_of_transferred.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-331de13d-a313-0fc9-9d0d-2b096969bd8c/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn12"/>
         </ph> in an entire financial asset in which the transferor (including
                        its consolidated affiliates included in the financial statements being
                        presented) has surrendered control over those financial assets should be
                        accounted for as a sale if and only if all of the following conditions are
                        met:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The transferred assets have been isolated from the transferor —
                                put presumptively beyond the reach of the transferor and its
                                creditors, even in bankruptcy or other receivership (see paragraphs
                                7–14 of FASB ASC 860-10-40).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Each transferee (or each third-party holder of beneficial
                                interests) <ph class="- topic/ph ">
                  <fn callout="13" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn13" class="- topic/fn ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Third-party beneficial interest is applicable if the
                                        transferee is an entity whose sole purpose is to engage in
                                        securitization or asset-backed financing activities, and
                                        that entity is constrained from pledging or exchanging the
                                        assets it receives.</p>
                  </fn>
                  <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd5_sale_treatment_of_transferred.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-331de13d-a313-0fc9-9d0d-2b096969bd8c/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn13"/>
               </ph> has the right to pledge or exchange the assets (or
                                beneficial interests) it received, and no transferor-imposed
                                condition constrains the transferee (or third-party holder of the
                                beneficial interest) from taking advantage of its right to pledge or
                                exchange and, through that constraint, provides more than a trivial
                                benefit to the transferor (see paragraphs 15–21 of FASB ASC
                                860-10-40). If the transferor and its agents have no continuing
                                involvement with the transferred financial assets, the condition is
                                met.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The transferor (or its consolidated affiliates included in the
                                financial statements being presented or its agents) does not
                                maintain effective control over the transferred assets or
                                third-party beneficial interests related to those transferred
                                assets. Effective control includes, but is not limited to</p>
            <ol outputclass="i" class="- topic/ol ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">an agreement that both entitles and obligates the
                                        transferor to repurchase or redeem the transferred financial
                                        assets before their maturity (see paragraphs 23–25 of FASB
                                        ASC 860-10-40);</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">an agreement, other than through a cleanup call, that
                                        provides the transferor with both the unilateral ability to
                                        cause the holder to return specific assets and a more than
                                        trivial benefit attributable to that ability (see paragraphs
                                        28–39 of FASB ASC 860-10-40); or</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">an agreement that permits the transferee to require the
                                        transferor to repurchase the transferred financial assets at
                                        a price that is so favorable to the transferee that it is
                                        probable the transferee will require the transferor to
                                        repurchase them (see FASB ASC 860-10-55-42D).</p>
               </li>
            </ol>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.88" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.88</b> FASB ASC
                        860-20 provides derecognition guidance related to transfers of financial
                        assets that meet the criteria for a sale.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>