<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-a058db6e-bd0f-930f-b871-8f3fc1820864" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Monitoring Activities</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.30" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.30</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Monitoring</i> is a process that assesses the quality of an
                entity's internal control performance over time. It involves assessing the design
                and operation of controls on a timely basis and taking necessary corrective actions.
                The COSO principles of control monitoring are as follows:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The organization selects, develops, and performs ongoing and/or separate
                        evaluations to ascertain whether the components of internal control are
                        present and functioning.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The organization evaluates and communicates internal control deficiencies
                        in a timely manner to those parties responsible for taking corrective
                        action, including senior management and the board of directors, as
                        appropriate.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.31" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.31</b> The frequency with
                which controls are assessed depends on the significance of the risks being mitigated
                and the importance of a particular control in reducing the risks. Higher priority
                risks generally will require more frequent assessment. Similarly, those controls
                most critical to reducing a given risk will tend to be assessed more often.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.32" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.32</b> Ongoing monitoring
                activities are built into the normal recurring activities of a broker-dealer and
                include regular management and supervisory activities, comparisons, reconciliations,
                and other actions personnel take in performing their duties. Managers at divisional
                and corporate levels are in touch with operations and may question reports that
                differ significantly from their knowledge of operations. Usually, some combination
                of ongoing monitoring and separate evaluations will together ensure that internal
                control maintains its effectiveness over time.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.33" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.33</b> In many
                broker-dealers, internal auditors or personnel performing similar functions
                contribute to the monitoring of the broker-dealer’s activities through separate
                evaluations. They regularly provide information about the functioning of internal
                control, focusing considerable attention on evaluating the design and operation of
                internal control. They communicate information about strengths and weaknesses and
                recommendations for improving internal control.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.34" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.34</b> Monitoring
                activities may include using information from communications from external parties.
                Customers implicitly corroborate transaction data by paying their amount owed or
                complaining about their charges. In addition, regulators may communicate with the
                broker-dealer concerning matters that affect the functioning of internal control
                (for example, communications regarding examinations by self-regulatory
                organizations). Also, management may consider communications relating to internal
                control from external auditors in performing monitoring activities.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.35" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.35</b> In many entities,
                much of the information used in monitoring may be produced by the entity’s
                information system. If management assumes that data used for monitoring are accurate
                and complete without having a basis for that assumption, errors may exist in the
                information, potentially leading management to incorrect conclusions resulting from
                the entity’s monitoring activities.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>