<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-0185c37d-b194-ac42-8cae-a9cd0c5f7937" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Engagement Performance</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-0185c37d-b194-ac42-8cae-a9cd0c5f7937_pra-sqcs_1.14" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.14</b> The purpose of the
                engagement performance element of quality control is to provide the firm with
                reasonable assurance (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>) that engagements are
                consistently performed in accordance with applicable professional standards and
                regulatory and legal requirements, and (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>) that
                the firm or the engagement partner issues reports that are appropriate in the
                circumstances. Policies and procedures for engagement performance should address all
                phases of the design and execution of the engagement, including engagement
                performance, supervision responsibilities, and review responsibilities. Policies and
                procedures also should require that consultation takes place when appropriate. In
                addition, a policy should establish criteria against which all engagements are to be
                evaluated to determine whether an engagement quality control review should be
                performed.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-0185c37d-b194-ac42-8cae-a9cd0c5f7937_pra-sqcs_1.15" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.15</b> Establishing and
                maintaining policies such as the following assist the firm in obtaining the
                assurance required relating to the engagement performance element of quality
                control:</p>
      <ul class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Plan all engagements to meet professional, regulatory, and the firm’s
                        requirements.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Perform work and issue reports and other communications that meet
                        professional, regulatory, and the firm’s requirements.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Require that work performed by other team members be reviewed by qualified
                        engagement team members, which may include the engagement partner, on a
                        timely basis.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Require the engagement team to complete the assembly of final engagement
                        files on a timely basis.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Establish procedures to maintain the confidentiality, safe custody,
                        integrity, accessibility, and retrievability of engagement
                        documentation.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Require the retention of engagement documentation for a period of time
                        sufficient to meet the needs of the firm, professional standards, laws, and
                        regulations.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Require that</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">consultation take place when appropriate (for example, when
                                dealing with complex, unusual, unfamiliar, difficult, or contentious
                                issues);</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">sufficient and appropriate resources be available to enable
                                appropriate consultation to take place;</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">all the relevant facts known to the engagement team be provided to
                                those consulted;</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">the nature, scope, and conclusions of such consultations be
                                documented; and</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">the conclusions resulting from such consultations be
                                implemented.</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Require that</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">differences of opinion be dealt with and resolved;</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">conclusions reached are documented and implemented; and</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">the report not be released until the matter is resolved.</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Require that</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">all engagements be evaluated against the criteria for determining
                                whether an engagement quality control review should be
                                performed;</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">an engagement quality control review be performed for all
                                engagements that meet the criteria; and</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">the review be completed before the report is released.</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Establish procedures addressing the nature, timing, extent, and
                        documentation of the engagement quality control review.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Establish criteria for the eligibility of engagement quality control
                        reviewers.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>