<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-99e40e3a-5fe9-807d-e377-d81a8db6a9ff" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Regulatory Recordkeeping Requirements</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.13" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.13</b> The basic
                    requirements for preparing and maintaining books and records are described in
                    SEC Rules 17a-3 and 17a-4 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the 1934
                    Act). In Rule 17a-3, the SEC specifies the minimum books and records a
                    broker-dealer (in addition to other types of entities) should make and keep
                    current. They include a complete set of financial accounting books and records,
                    including books of original entry, general and subsidiary ledgers, and the stock
                    record. Rule 17a-3 also sets forth other recordkeeping requirements of
                    broker-dealers. Among other things, Rule 17a-3 states that broker-dealers should
                    maintain a memorandum of each brokerage order and a memorandum for each purchase
                    and sale of securities for its own account, showing the price and, to the extent
                    feasible, the time of execution. The rule also specifies that the broker-dealer
                    should maintain certain records regarding transactions of employees and
                    customers, as well as a periodic trial balance and net capital, reserve formula,
                    and other regulatory computations. Such books and records should be maintained
                    for prescribed periods as set forth in Rule 17a-4. See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd2/aag-brd2_regulatory/aag-brd2_regulatory.dita#UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-26db4230-e121-2c60-2fd8-0952011813d8/UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_para-idm53392904202772">paragraphs 2.166–.167</xref> of this chapter for a discussion of recent SEC
                    amendments to electronic recordkeeping requirements.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.14" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.14</b> Rule
                    17a-3(a)(23) requires certain broker-dealers to make and keep current a record
                    documenting the credit, market, and liquidity risk management controls
                    established and maintained by the broker-dealer to assist it in analyzing and
                    managing the risks associated with its business activities. This documentation
                    requirement applies only to broker-dealers that have more than (1) $1,000,000 in
                    aggregate credit items as computed under the customer reserve formula of SEC
                    Rule 15c3-3a, or (2) $20,000,000 in capital, including debt subordinated in
                    accordance with appendix D to SEC Rule 15c3-1. SEC Rule 17a-4(e)(9), as amended,
                    discusses the corresponding records retention requirements. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="1" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4-aag-brd2-fn1" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">SEC Rule 17a-4(e)(9) requires that such records must be maintained and
                            preserved in an easily accessible place until three years after the
                            termination of the use of the risk management controls documented
                            therein.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd2_regulatory_recordkeeping_requirements.dita#UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-99e40e3a-5fe9-807d-e377-d81a8db6a9ff/UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4-aag-brd2-fn1"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.15" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.15</b> Furthermore, in
                    their constitutions and rules, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority
                    (FINRA) <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="2" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4-aag-brd2-fn2" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) is the largest
                            nongovernmental regulator for the securities industry in the United
                            States. See the FINRA website at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="http://www.finra.org">www.finra.org</xref> for more information. Also see <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd2/aag-brd2_trade_execution/aag-brd2_customer_trades/aag-brd2_customer_trades.dita#UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-2cf74176-5933-5a5b-56bb-e91ca8da530e/UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4-aag-brd2-fn4">footnote 4</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd2_regulatory_recordkeeping_requirements.dita#UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-99e40e3a-5fe9-807d-e377-d81a8db6a9ff/UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4-aag-brd2-fn2"/>
         </ph> and many securities exchanges prescribe certain books and records
                    that members are required to keep. Depending on the needs of the individual
                    broker-dealer's business, situations may warrant the maintenance of certain
                    additional records not specifically required under the rules of the various
                    regulatory bodies.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>