<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-b779a157-24e4-19e8-f7e9-7136262a37f8" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Securities Borrowed and Securities Loaned</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.54" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.54</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Securities borrowed</i>. Broker-dealers borrow
                    securities from other broker-dealers or institutions for the following
                    purposes:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">To deliver securities to customers who have sold short (for example,
                            sold a security not owned) or lack proper endorsements of securities
                            preventing delivery to buyers</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">To fulfill their own delivery obligations as a broker-dealer</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">To obtain a security for the purpose of lending in connection with
                            finder or conduit transactions</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">To be used for other purposes permitted under Federal Reserve
                            Regulation T (Regulation T) of the Board of Governors of the Federal
                            Reserve System</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">To obtain possession or control of a security in deficit, as required
                            by SEC Rule 15c3-3</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.55" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.55</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Securities loaned</i>. Securities are loaned to other
                    broker-dealers as a method of financing (for example, to use securities
                    inventory to receive cash) or in finder or conduit transactions.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.56" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.56</b> Broker-dealers
                    may advance cash, pledge securities as allowed under Regulation T (permitted
                    securities), or issue letters of credit as collateral for borrowed securities.
                    Cash collateral posted by the broker-dealer borrowing the security is typically
                    in excess of the fair value of the securities borrowed.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.57" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.57</b> In certain
                    transactions as described in FASB ASC 860-30, cash collateral should be
                    derecognized by the payer and recognized by the recipient not as collateral but,
                    rather, as proceeds of either a sale or borrowing. Accordingly, the amount
                    recorded on the general ledger as Securities Borrowed represents the value of
                    cash collateral posted, rather than the actual market value of the securities
                    borrowed. For broker-dealers lending securities, the amount recorded on the
                    general ledger as Securities Loaned represents the cash collateral
                    received.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.58" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.58</b> The amount of
                    collateral required may increase or decrease based on changes in the value of
                    the securities. If the value of the borrowed securities falls below a level, as
                    predetermined between the borrower and lender, the borrower of the security will
                    request a return of excess cash collateral. This would result in a receipt of
                    cash and decrease in the Securities Borrowed account for the borrowing
                    broker-dealer, and a payment of cash and decrease in the Securities Loaned
                    account for the lending broker-dealer. Conversely, if the value of a security
                    increases, the lender of the security will generally request additional cash
                    collateral to cover potential exposure to credit risk. This would result in a
                    payment of cash to the lender and an increase in the Securities Borrowed account
                    for the borrowing broker-dealer, and a receipt of cash and an increase to the
                    Securities Loaned account for the lending broker-dealer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.59" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.59</b> The borrowing
                    broker-dealer normally receives interest (rebate) on the cash it posted as
                    collateral for the securities borrowed. Interest is accrued throughout the
                    period based on the cash collateral amount outstanding. Therefore, the borrowing
                    broker-dealer will typically record interest income on the transaction and the
                    lending broker-dealer will record interest expense. Rebate rates in these
                    transactions are agreed upon between the borrower and lender and are typically
                    derived from standard interest rates (for example, Federal Funds Rate).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.60" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.60</b> FASB ASC 860
                    provides specific criteria for determining whether a securities lending
                    transaction is to be accounted for as a sale or secured borrowing and provides
                    an illustration of the latter. See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd">chapter 5</xref> of this guide for further discussion of secured
                    borrowings.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>