<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-a49421f0-4c61-d11a-df15-4bb2ecb1b295" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Custody</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">Custody <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="3" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad-footnote-idm53393074014710" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">A broker-dealer that is also a registered investment adviser is
                            subject to additional requirements related to custody. See the "<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd3/aag-brd3_additional_requirements_for_registered/aag-brd3_additional_requirements_for_registered.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-80123a72-0f46-1e1a-cdd5-044010042348">Additional Requirements for Registered Investment Advisers</xref>"
                            section in chapter 3, "Regulatory Considerations," of this guide.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd4_custody.dita#UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-a49421f0-4c61-d11a-df15-4bb2ecb1b295/UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad-footnote-idm53393074014710"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.48" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.48</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Cashiering</i>. The cashier’s department is responsible
                    for the custody, safekeeping, and segregation of securities, either in the firm
                    vault or at depositories. Some of the control and monitoring activities
                    typically associated with the custody function include the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Agreeing results of security counts, and verifications to the stock
                            record with any differences noted, in accordance with Rule 17a-13, and
                            following to a conclusion.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Agreeing daily, and reconciling at least monthly, the details of
                            transactions for accounts carried by other broker-dealers (such as
                            omnibus accounts) and resolving any differences.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reconciling the securities held at depositories to the stock record
                            daily.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Balancing, on a daily basis, customer accounts with the stock record
                            and general ledger control accounts, as well as with margin department
                            records.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Identifying and segregating worthless and restricted
                            securities.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Confirming securities, counting securities, or both, once each
                            calendar quarter and comparing the results to the books and records, as
                            required under SEC Rule 17a-13. SEC Rule 17a-13 requires that certain
                            broker-dealers, at least once in each calendar quarter, physically
                            examine and count all securities held and account for all other
                            securities that are subject to the broker-dealer's control or direction
                            and are not in its physical possession. The counting and verification of
                            securities is required to be performed by, or supervised by, personnel
                            that do not have daily responsibility for the securities.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Noting, in the records of the broker-dealer, customers' fully paid and
                            excess-margin securities as securities required to be in its physical
                            possession or control in accordance with SEC Rule 15c3-3, maintaining
                            records of customers' fully paid and excess-margin securities not in the
                            broker-dealer's possession or control, determining the location of such
                            securities and initiating action to bring them into possession or
                            control within the time frames set forth in the rule.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Confirming that new control locations are established, opened, and
                            maintained in accordance with SEC Rule 15c3-3 and have all relevant
                            approvals prior to opening.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Maintaining securities that are on the premises in a fireproof
                            vault.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Maintaining physical controls over securities on hand by restricting
                            access to areas containing securities to authorized employees and by
                            always keeping the cage and vault doors locked.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Using dual controls over access to securities.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Limiting the number of employees who have access to physical
                            securities.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Periodically electronically imaging securities on hand for use in
                            researching any misstatements.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.49" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.49</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Securities transfer</i>. The transfer department is
                    responsible for the transfer of ownership and the registration and reissuance of
                    securities. The following are some of the control and monitoring activities
                    typically associated with the transfer department:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Recording transfer instructions in a memo field on the stock
                            record.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Matching securities received back from the transfer agent against open
                            transfer instructions.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Maintaining and reporting, for management and regulatory purposes, the
                            aging of open transfer items.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Periodically confirming aged open transfer items with the transfer
                            agent.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>