<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-83fb2b49-c004-c874-142b-a9144a87dcbe" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Financial Instruments Not Listed on a Recognized Exchange but Having a
                    Readily Available Market Price</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.46" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.46</b> Nonexchange-traded financial instruments
                    are often traded in over-the-counter (OTC) markets by dealers or other
                    intermediaries from whom market prices are obtainable. Quotations are available
                    from various sources for many financial instruments traded regularly in the OTC
                    market. Those sources include the financial press, various quotation and
                    financial reporting services, and individual market-makers.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.47" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.47</b> Financial instruments not listed on a
                    recognized exchange are more likely to be valued using level 2 or level 3 inputs
                    (as opposed to level 1 inputs). If there is a limited amount of trading activity
                    for a financial instrument (that is, if the instrument is thinly traded), the
                    reliability of the market quotation and other market information (for example,
                    volume data) should be evaluated by management. In instances when the fair
                    value, as determined by management, is higher than or lower than the market
                    quotation for a similar, but not identical, financial instrument, the financial
                    instruments should be valued at such fair value. See the “<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_accounting_model/aag-brd5_the_fair_value_hierarchy/aag-brd5_the_fair_value_hierarchy.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-184ea653-c5eb-0340-7aef-5508a2b93493">The Fair Value Hierarchy</xref>” section of this chapter for more
                    information on the three levels of inputs to valuation techniques.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.48" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.48</b> Paragraphs 50–51 of FASB ASC 820-10-35
                    explain that adjustments to level 2 inputs will vary depending on factors
                    specific to the asset or liability. Those factors include the condition or
                    location of the asset or liability, the extent to which the inputs relate to
                    items that are comparable to the asset or liability (including those factors
                    discussed in FASB ASC 820-10-35-16D), and the volume or level of activity in the
                    markets within which the inputs are observed. A significant adjustment to a
                    level 2 fair value measurement might result in a fair value measurement
                    categorized within level 3 of the fair value hierarchy if the adjustment uses
                    significant unobservable inputs.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>