<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_UUID-7c7728a7-73c1-5de2-a4eb-5b5a894365b2" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Timing of the Auditor’s Procedures</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">Timing of the Auditor’s Procedures <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="6" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a-aag-afi4-fn6" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraphs .12 and .23–.24 of AU-C section 330B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Performing Audit Procedures in Response to
                                    Assessed Risks and Evaluating the Audit Evidence
                                    Obtained</i>, establish requirements when the auditor
                                performs procedures at an interim period and explain how such audit
                                evidence can be used.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi4_timing_of_the_auditors.dita#UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_UUID-7c7728a7-73c1-5de2-a4eb-5b5a894365b2/UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a-aag-afi4-fn6"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.17" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.17</b> After
                        assessing the risks associated with financial instruments, the engagement
                        team determines the timing of planned tests of controls and substantive
                        audit procedures. The timing of planned audit procedures varies depending on
                        a number of factors, including the frequency of the control operation, the
                        significance of the activity being controlled, and the related risk of
                        material misstatement.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.18" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.18</b> Although the
                        auditor may decide that the most efficient and effective strategy is to
                        undertake most of the audit procedures in relation to valuation and
                        presentation close to period-end, audit procedures in relation to other
                        assertions, such as completeness and existence, may be tested at an interim
                        period. For example, tests of controls may be performed at an interim period
                        for more routine controls, such as IT controls and authorizations for new
                        products. Also, it may be effective to test the operating effectiveness of
                        controls over new product approval by gathering evidence at an interim
                        period of the appropriate level of management sign-off on a new financial
                        instrument.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.19" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.19</b> Auditors may
                        perform some tests on models as of an interim date (for example, by
                        comparing the output of the model with market transactions). Another
                        possible interim procedure for instruments with observable inputs is to test
                        the reasonableness of the pricing information provided by a third-party
                        pricing source.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.20" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.20</b> Areas of
                        more significant judgment are often tested close to, or at, period-end
                        because</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">valuations can change significantly in a short period of time,
                                making it difficult to compare and reconcile interim balances with
                                comparable information at the balance sheet date.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">an entity may engage in an increased volume of financial
                                instrument transactions between an interim period and
                                year-end.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">manual journal entries may only be made after the end of the
                                accounting period.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">nonroutine or significant transactions may take place late in the
                                accounting period.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>