<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-c3e9d6b0-9b32-eec3-ab71-1d47b71bb4c0" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Commitments and Guarantees</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393215241068" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.95</b> FASB ASC 440, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Commitments</i>, provides disclosure requirements for commitments
                    such as unused letters of credit, leases, cumulative preferred stock dividends
                    in arrears, commitments for plant acquisitions, obligations to reduce debts, and
                    obligations to restrict dividends.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393215234812" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.96</b> FASB ASC 460, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Guarantees</i>, discusses several transactions that may be
                    interpreted to be a guarantee, which may require specific recognition and
                    measurement within the financial statements. Examples include a parent’s
                    guarantee of a subsidiary’s debt, indemnifications to service providers or
                    counterparties, certain written options, and certain credit default swaps. This
                    topic elaborates on the disclosures to be made by a guarantor in its interim and
                    annual financial statements about its obligations under certain guarantees it
                    has issued. It also clarifies that a guarantor is required to recognize, at the
                    inception of certain guarantees, a liability for the fair value of the
                    obligation undertaken in issuing the guarantee. FASB ASC 460-10-25-1 lists the
                    types of guarantees that are not subject to its initial recognition and
                    measurement provisions but are subject to its disclosure requirements.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393215229262" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.97</b> FASB ASC 842, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Leases</i>, provides financial accounting and reporting requirements
                    for lessees and lessors. The scope of FASB ASC 842 includes all arrangements
                    that meet the definition of a lease, that is, a contract or part of a contract
                    that conveys the right to control the use of identified property, plant, or
                    equipment for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Many
                    broker-dealers have contractual obligations that are within the scope of FASB
                    ASC 842. Examples include leases and subleases of office space and office
                    equipment. FASB ASC 842-20, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Lessee</i>, requires
                    lessees to include on the balance sheet an asset and liability arising from a
                    lease; for short-term leases, an accounting policy election is available for
                    leases that qualify for the short-term lease recognition exemption to not record
                    an asset and liability. The lease liability is measured as the present value of
                    future lease payments. The discount rate is the implicit rate, if it is readily
                    determinable, or otherwise the broker-dealer’s incremental borrowing rate. The
                    lease asset is measured as the present value of unpaid lease payments and will
                    also reflect any initial direct costs, prepaid lease payments, and lease
                    incentives. Broker-dealers will need to evaluate whether its leases are
                    operating or finance leases. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="7" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c-aag-brd6-fn7" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">On October 23, 2018, the SEC Division of Trading and Markets issued a
                            no-action letter concerning the treatment of operating leases under Rule
                            15c3-1. The no-action letter was issued in response to a request from
                            the managing director of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets
                            Association (SIFMA) for assurances that the SEC staff of the Division of
                            Trading and Markets would not recommend enforcement action to the SEC
                            under Rule 15c3-1 of the 1934 Act if a broker-dealer treats the asset
                            and liability arising from an operating lease accounted for under FASB
                                <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting Standards Codification</i>
                            (ASC) 842, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Leases</i>, in the manner
                            described in SIFMA’s letter, which addresses the computation of net
                            capital.</p>
               <p class="- topic/p ">    The no-action letter states the following:</p>
               <lq class="- topic/lq ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Based on the facts and representations set forth in your letter
                                and discussions with the Staff as collectively set forth in this
                                letter, the Division will not recommend enforcement action to the
                                Commission under Exchange Act Rule 15c3-1 if a broker-dealer
                                computing net capital adds back an operating lease asset to the
                                extent of the associated operating lease liability. A broker-dealer
                                cannot add back an operating lease asset to offset an operating
                                lease liability unless the asset and the liability arise from the
                                same operating lease; and the amount of the asset as to each lease
                                may not exceed the liability of the balance sheet arising from that
                                lease…</p>
                  <p class="- topic/p ">This staff position is based strictly on the facts and
                                circumstances discussed in this letter, and any different facts and
                                circumstances may require a different response. This response,
                                furthermore, expresses the staff’s position regarding enforcement
                                action only and does not purport to express any legal conclusions on
                                the question presented. The staff expresses no view with respect to
                                any other questions that the activities discussed above may raise,
                                including the applicability of any other federal or state laws, or
                                self-regulatory organization rules. This position is subject to
                                modification or revocation.</p>
               </lq>
               <p class="- topic/p ">    Readers are encouraged to read the no-action letter in its
                            entirety, which is available at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.sec.gov/divisions/marketreg/mr-noaction/2018/sifma-treatment-of-operating-leases-15c3-1.pdf">https://www.sec.gov/divisions/marketreg/mr-noaction/2018/sifma-treatment-of-operating-leases-15c3-1.pdf</xref>.</p>
               <p class="- topic/p ">    Also see Regulatory Notice 19-08, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Guidance
                                on FOCUS Reporting for Operating Leases</i>, available at
                                <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.finra.org/rules-guidance/notices/19-08">https://www.finra.org/rules-guidance/notices/19-08</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd6_commitments__contingencies__and_guarantees.dita#UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-c3e9d6b0-9b32-eec3-ab71-1d47b71bb4c0/UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c-aag-brd6-fn7"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>