<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-98424c7b-7ffc-0327-9322-911753222ce7" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Appendix C — Examples of Control Objectives, Related Controls, and Illustrative
            Tests of Controls for Financial Instruments (Ref: par. 3.37)</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">Examples of Control Objectives, Related Controls, and
            Illustrative Tests of Controls for Financial Instruments (Ref: <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../aag-afi/aag-afi3/aag-afi3_understanding_internal_control/aag-afi3_the_entitys_control_activities/aag-afi3_segregation_of_duties/aag-afi3_segregation_of_duties.dita#UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_UUID-5e006ecb-b55a-78f0-bf97-247b608374cf/UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.37">par. 3.37</xref>)</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">This appendix is nonauthoritative and is included for
                informational purposes only.</i>
      </p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">The following table provides examples of control objectives, related controls, and
            illustrative tests of controls for financial instruments. The illustrative tests of
            controls may contain multiple tests addressing the same related controls. It is not
            necessarily intended that all illustrative tests would be performed for each related
            control; rather, they are included for example purposes.</p>
      <table outputclass="ruled" id="UUID-98424c7b-7ffc-0327-9322-911753222ce7_aag-afi_appC_table1" class="- topic/table ">
         <tgroup cols="3" class="- topic/tgroup ">
            <colspec colname="c1" class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <colspec colname="c2" class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <colspec colname="c3" class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <thead class="- topic/thead ">
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="center" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Control Objective</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="center" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Related Controls</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="center" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Illustrative Tests of Controls</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody class="- topic/tbody ">
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Financial instrument transactions are initiated in accordance with
                            management’s established policies and procedures.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Guidelines have been prescribed for acceptable risk and rate of return
                            levels for the entity’s financial instruments. Financial instrument
                            personnel must obtain approval to purchase financial instruments that do
                            not conform with the prescribed guidelines. Supervisory personnel
                            monitor financial instrument purchases to determine whether approval was
                            obtained to purchase financial instruments that do not conform with the
                            prescribed guidelines.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Inspecting documentation of the monitoring by supervisory personnel to
                            determine whether approval was obtained to purchase financial
                            instruments that do not conform with the prescribed guidelines and
                            testing some of the purchases the supervisory personnel reviewed.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Lists of authorized financial instrument dealers are maintained and
                            updated periodically, and supervisory personnel periodically review
                            documentation of financial instrument transactions to determine whether
                            only authorized dealers were used.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry/>
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Inspecting documentation of the review by supervisory personnel of
                            financial instrument transactions to determine whether only authorized
                            dealers were used and testing some of the transactions the supervisory
                            personnel reviewed.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Those charged with governance, generally through their finance, asset
                            or liability, investment, or other committee, review reports of
                            financial instrument transactions to determine whether the entity’s
                            guidelines for financial instrument transactions are being complied
                            with.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry/>
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Inspecting minutes of meetings of those charged with governance or the
                            finance, asset or liability, investment, or other committee for evidence
                            of review of reports of financial instrument transactions and evidence
                            of approval of changes in financial instrument policies.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Those charged with governance, generally through their finance, asset
                            or liability, investment, or other committee, must approve changes in
                            financial instrument policies, and approval must be documented.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry/>
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Inspecting minutes of meetings of those charged with governance or the
                            finance, asset or liability, investment, or other committee for evidence
                            of review of reports of financial instrument transactions and evidence
                            of approval of changes in financial instrument policies.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Information relating to financial instruments and financial instrument
                            transactions is complete and accurate.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Duties among those who initiate financial instrument transactions,
                            have access to financial instruments, and post or reconcile related
                            accounting records are appropriately segregated, and supervisory
                            personnel regularly review reconciliations of information provided by
                            individuals performing these functions.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Inspecting documentation of the review by supervisory personnel of
                            reconciliations of information about financial instrument transactions
                            provided by the segregated functions and testing some of the
                            reconciliations they reviewed.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Supervisory personnel periodically review documentation supporting the
                            acquisition and transfer of financial instruments to ensure that
                            classification of the financial instruments was made and documented at
                            acquisition (and date of transfer, if applicable) and is in accordance
                            with the entity’s financial instrument policies, management’s intent,
                            and the applicable financial reporting framework.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry/>
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Inspecting documentation of the review by supervisory personnel of the
                            documentation supporting the acquisition and transfer of financial
                            instruments and inspecting a sample of the documentation they
                            reviewed.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Supervisory personnel periodically review accounting entries
                            supporting financial instrument transactions.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry/>
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Inspecting documentation of the review by supervisory personnel of
                            accounting entries and testing a sample of the entries they
                            reviewed.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Supervisory personnel periodically review trader (sales function) to
                            operations (administrative and support services) reconciliations for
                            open positions and profit and loss.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry/>
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Inspecting documentation of the review by supervisory personnel of
                            accounting entries and testing a sample of the entries they
                            reviewed.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Supervisory personnel periodically analyze recorded interest and
                            dividend income, including comparing actual yields during the period
                            with expected yields based on previous results and current market
                            trends, and investigate significant differences from the expected
                            results.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry/>
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Inspecting documentation of the analysis by supervisory personnel of
                            recorded interest and dividend income and testing the resolution of
                            significant differences from their expectations.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Derivatives accounted for as hedges meet the designation,
                            documentation, and assessment requirements of the applicable financial
                            reporting framework.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Hedge documentation is prepared contemporaneous with the hedging
                            transactions and reviewed by supervisory personnel for compliance with
                            the requirements of the applicable financial reporting framework.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Obtaining hedge documentation prepared by the entity and all related
                            contracts and agreements for the transaction. Compare the documentation
                            to the applicable financial reporting framework requirements, noting
                            contemporaneous preparation with the transaction and evidence of the
                            review by supervisory personnel.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Financial instruments are on hand or held in custody or for
                            safekeeping by others.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Supervisory personnel periodically review recorded financial
                            instruments, compare them with safekeeping ledgers and timely custodial
                            confirmations, and investigate significant differences.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Inspecting documentation of the review by supervisory
                            personnel.</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Comparing reconciliations to custodial confirmations and general
                            ledger accounts.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">The carrying amount of debt, equity securities, and financial
                            instruments is adjusted to fair value, when applicable, and changes in
                            the fair value of those financial instruments are accounted for in
                            conformity with the applicable financial reporting framework.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Duties of those committing the entity to underlying transactions are
                            segregated from those responsible for undertaking the valuations of
                            financial instruments.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Obtaining an understanding of the entity’s controls over the
                            initiation of financial instrument transactions and the valuation of the
                            financial instruments recorded by the transactions.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Supervisory personnel periodically review the recorded fair values of
                            financial instruments and investigate significant differences from the
                            amounts expected.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry/>
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Inspecting documentation of the review by supervisory
                            personnel.</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Testing their investigation of significant differences.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Service organizations are utilized for pricing services or other fair
                            value determinations.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Obtaining an understanding of the role of the service organization in
                            the calculation of fair value of financial instruments.</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Inspecting documentation of management’s review of the activities
                            performed by the service organization.</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Obtaining and evaluating a report on the service organization
                            controls.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry/>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Specialists are engaged to determine fair value measurements.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Determining the nature, timing, and extent of the audit procedures to
                            be performed in auditing the work of an auditor’s specialists.</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Evaluating the competence, capabilities, and objectivity of the
                            auditor’s specialist.</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Obtaining an understanding of the field of expertise of the auditor’s
                            specialists.</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Obtaining an agreement with the auditor’s specialists.</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Evaluating the adequacy of the work of the auditor’s
                            specialists.</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Inspecting documentation of management’s and, when appropriate, those
                            charged with governance’s review and approval of fair value measurements
                            (estimates) determined by specialists.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry/>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Supervisory personnel monitor realized gains and losses to determine
                            that appropriate amounts have been reclassified from accumulated other
                            comprehensive income.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Testing a sample of financial instruments by agreeing published price
                            quotations in an active market to fair value calculations utilized by
                            the entity.</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Recalculating the amounts of the reclassifications.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry/>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Financial instruments are monitored on an ongoing basis to recognize
                            and measure events affecting related financial statement
                            assertions.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Supervisory personnel regularly review recorded financial instruments
                            to determine that events affecting their presentation and disclosure are
                            considered, such as factors indicating impairment, loans of the
                            financial instruments to other entities, or pledging financial
                            instruments as collateral.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="left" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Inquiring of supervisory personnel about whether financial instrument
                            portfolios and related transactions, including impairments, are being
                            monitored on a timely basis.</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Inspecting documentation of the review of recorded financial
                            instruments and testing a sample of the financial instruments that
                            supervisory personnel reviewed.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
            </tbody>
         </tgroup>
      </table>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>
