<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-4f8450d6-63bb-04c7-d2a6-80d9b7ce064c" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Application of Fair Value Measurement to Liabilities and Instruments
                    Classified in a Reporting Entity’s Shareholders’ Equity</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.09" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.09</b> Certain
                    broker-dealer liabilities, such as securities sold but not yet purchased, are
                    carried at fair value. According to FASB ASC 820-10-35-16, a fair value
                    measurement assumes that a financial or nonfinancial liability or an instrument
                    classified in a reporting entity’s shareholders’ equity is transferred to a
                    market participant at the measurement date. The transfer of a liability or an
                    instrument classified in a reporting entity’s shareholders’ equity assumes the
                    following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">A liability would remain outstanding and the market participant
                            transferee would be required to fulfill the obligation. The liability
                            would not be settled with the counterparty or otherwise extinguished on
                            the measurement date.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">An instrument classified in a reporting entity’s shareholders’ equity
                            would remain outstanding and the market participant transferee would
                            take on the rights and responsibilities associated with the instrument.
                            The instrument would not be cancelled or otherwise extinguished at the
                            measurement date.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.10" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.10</b> FASB ASC
                    820-10-35-16A states that even when there is no observable market to provide
                    pricing information about the transfer of a liability or an instrument
                    classified in a reporting entity’s shareholders’ equity (for example, because
                    contractual or other legal restrictions prevent the transfer of such items),
                    there might be an observable market for such items if they are held by other
                    parties as assets (for example, a corporate bond or a call option on a reporting
                    entity’s shares). In all cases, a reporting entity should maximize the use of
                    relevant observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs to meet
                    the objective of a fair value measurement. See paragraphs 16D–16L of FASB ASC
                    820-10-35 for additional guidance regarding measuring the fair value of
                    liabilities and instruments classified in a reporting entity’s shareholders’
                    equity.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.11" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.11</b> Paragraphs
                    17–18A of FASB ASC 820-10-35 provide that the fair value of a liability reflects
                    the effect of nonperformance risk. Nonperformance risk includes, but may not be
                    limited to, a reporting entity’s own credit risk. Nonperformance risk is assumed
                    to be the same before and after the transfer of the liability. When measuring
                    the fair value of a liability, a reporting entity should take into account the
                    effect of its credit risk (credit standing) and any other factors that might
                    influence the likelihood that the obligation will or will not be fulfilled. See
                    paragraphs 17–18A of FASB ASC 820-10-35 for additional guidance.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>