<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-45c01e6c-26f1-3ec6-279b-582d9f4ebd82" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Principal Versus Agent Considerations for Each Member of
                                the Syndicate Group, Including the Lead and Participating
                                Underwriter</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.27" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.27
                                </b> FASB ASC 606-10-55-37A indicates that when another party
                                is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, an entity
                                that is a principal obtains control of any one of the
                                following:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">A good or another asset from the other party that it then
                                        transfers to the customer</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">A right to a service to be performed by the other party,
                                        which gives the entity the ability to direct that party to
                                        provide the service to the customer on the entity’s
                                        behalf.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">A good or service from the other party that it then
                                        combines with other goods or services in providing the
                                        specified good or service to the customer...</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.28" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.28
                                </b> The members of the underwriting syndicate incur expenses
                                such as, but not limited to, marketing and advertising, legal fees,
                                and other costs (for example, accounting, travel, printing, and
                                taxes) of setting up the syndicate group. The vendors that the
                                underwriting syndicate contracts with for these services are not
                                directly responsible for the performance obligation in the
                                underwriting agreement. Rather, they are engaged to perform services
                                for the underwriting syndicate. The underwriters use these services
                                and combine their benefits as part of their efforts to deliver the
                                performance obligation (raise capital) to the issuer as discussed in
                                FASB ASC 606-10-55-37Ac.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.29" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.29
                                </b> Additionally, FASB ASC 606-10-55-39 provides the
                                following indicators that an entity controls the specified good or
                                service and is acting as principal. Each member of the underwriting
                                syndicate could evaluate these indicators as follows:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The entity is primarily
                                            responsible for fulfilling the contract.</i> This
                                        is the case for each participating underwriter’s pro rata
                                        obligation to perform. The vendors hired for the services
                                        have no obligation to the issuer, and the issuer does not
                                        have recourse to the vendors; rather, the obligation to the
                                        issuer lies with each member of the underwriting syndicate.
                                        This is indicative of a principal relationship for the
                                        members of the underwriting syndicate for the services they
                                        are performing on behalf of the issuer.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The entity has inventory risk
                                            before or after the goods have been ordered, during
                                            shipping, or upon return.</i> Pursuant to the
                                        syndicate agreement entered into among the members of the
                                        underwriting syndicate, each member of the underwriting
                                        group is obligated to pay their proportionate share of the
                                        amounts charged by the service providers even if the members
                                        do not deliver the performance obligation to the issuer. In
                                        addition, certain vendor services are often provided prior
                                        to the execution of the underwriting agreement. This is
                                        indicative of a principal relationship for the members of
                                        the underwriting syndicate.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The entity has discretion in
                                            establishing the price for the specified good or
                                            service.</i> The prices for the underwriting
                                        services are negotiated by the lead underwriter on behalf of
                                        the syndicate. Often, the terms of the underwriting contract
                                        are subject to highly competitive market conditions that
                                        limit the variability in spreads. In addition, for public
                                        U.S. underwritings, underwriters’ compensation is subject to
                                        regulation by FINRA. Therefore, the underwriters often have
                                        limited discretion in the pricing of the combined elements
                                        of their service, as well. That is, the underwriting
                                        syndicate does not charge a direct reimbursement fee for the
                                        third-party vendor costs (for example, legal, marketing, and
                                        advertising) and may not be able to negotiate a higher
                                        underwriting fee to cover the increased costs. In such
                                        cases, this indicator may not be determinative.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.30" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.30
                                </b> FinREC believes that, generally, the role of the members
                                of the underwriting syndicate, including the lead and participating
                                underwriters, is that of a principal for their respective share of
                                the underwriting expenses because (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>) the underwriters obtain control of these services
                                and combine them with other services as part of delivering on their
                                performance obligation as discussed in FASB ASC 606-10-55-37Ac and
                                    (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>) based on the weight of
                                the indicators in FASB ASC 606-10-55-39. Consequently, in accordance
                                with FASB ASC 606-10-55-37B, each underwriter should reflect their
                                proportionate share of the underwriting costs on a gross basis in
                                the underwriter’s statement of earnings, and the lead underwriter
                                should not recognize expenses attributable to the participating
                                underwriters because these reflect costs that are legally the
                                responsibility of the participating underwriters. However, the
                                specific facts of each arrangement should be considered when making
                                these determinations.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.31" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.31
                                </b> In accordance with FASB ASC 940-340-25-3, underwriting
                                expenses incurred before the actual issuance of the securities shall
                                be deferred.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.32" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.32
                                </b> In accordance with FASB ASC 940-340-35-3, underwriting
                                expenses deferred under the guidance in FASB ASC 940-340-25-3 shall
                                be recognized at the time the related revenues are recorded. In the
                                event that the transaction is not completed and it is determined
                                that the securities will not be issued, at that time, the entities
                                that have agreed to participate in the costs associated with the
                                underwriting shall write those costs off to expense.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>