<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-998911bb-837d-9f5d-19ad-ada0b82bf875" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Incremental Costs of Obtaining a Contract</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.06" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.06</b> To obtain an advisory
                                    contract with a customer, a broker-dealer may incur costs such
                                    as advertising, selling and marketing costs, bid and proposal
                                    costs, sales commissions, and legal fees. FASB ASC 340-40-25-1
                                    requires an entity to recognize an asset for the incremental
                                    costs of obtaining a contract with a customer if the entity
                                    expects to recover those costs. Generally, legal fees to draft
                                    the contract to provide services to the customer, advertising,
                                    selling and marketing costs, and bid and proposal costs are not
                                    incremental, as the broker-dealer would have incurred those
                                    costs even if it did not obtain the advisory contract. Sale
                                    commissions would be incremental costs as these costs would not
                                    have been incurred if the contract had not been obtained. In
                                    accordance with FASB ASC 340-10-25-1, if the incremental costs
                                    are recoverable from the customer, the broker-dealer should
                                    defer the costs and recognize an asset. An entity can expect to
                                    recover contract acquisition costs through direct recovery
                                    (reimbursement under the contract) or indirect recovery (through
                                    the margin inherent in the contract). FinREC believes the
                                    recoverability criterion for recognizing a deferred asset
                                    typically will not be met when the acquisition costs are
                                    expected to be indirectly recovered solely through fees that are
                                    dependent upon events and circumstances that are outside the
                                    control of the broker-dealer (for example, certain success-based
                                    fees). However, an entity should consider if the arrangement
                                    includes nonrefundable fees that it expects to collect (for
                                    example, retainer fee, termination fee) that may demonstrate the
                                    entity can recover these costs, or a portion of the costs, and
                                    therefore meet the recoverability criterion for capitalization
                                    up to the recoverable amount.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.07" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.07</b> FASB ASC 340-10-25-4
                                    provides a practical expedient whereby the broker-dealer may
                                    recognize the incremental costs of obtaining a contract as an
                                    expense when incurred, provided the amortization period of the
                                    asset that it otherwise would have recognized the expense over
                                    is one year or less. Often, the service for many advisory
                                    contracts will be transferred to the customer within one year
                                    and therefore an entity may elect to expense the costs to obtain
                                    such contracts as incurred.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>