<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-fd724e0d-f4df-2a95-1a39-4148432d8976" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Principal Versus Agent Considerations for the Lead
                                Underwriter With Regard to Services Provided by Participating
                                Members</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.23" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.23
                                </b> FASB ASC 606-10-55-37A indicates that when another party
                                is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, an entity
                                that is a principal obtains control of any one of the
                                following:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">A good or another asset from the other party that it then
                                        transfers to the customer.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">A right to a service to be performed by the other party,
                                        which gives the entity the ability to direct that party to
                                        provide the service to the customer on the entity’s
                                        behalf.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">A good or service from the other party that it then
                                        combines with other goods or services in providing the
                                        specified good or service to the customer...</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.24" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.24
                                </b> The lead underwriter organizes the other participating
                                underwriters and the selling group, negotiates the transaction with
                                the issuer of the securities, maintains the subscription records for
                                the underwriting, and maintains a record of all the direct expenses
                                of the underwriting. These activities (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>) do not give the lead underwriter control of any
                                good or asset of the participating underwriters, (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>) do not give the lead underwriter any
                                right to the services performed by the participating underwriters,
                                and (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">c</i>) do not combine the goods
                                or services of the participating underwriters in order to provide
                                services to the issuer. Rather, each syndicate member, including the
                                lead underwriter, is responsible to the issuer only for its
                                committed share of the total offering (that is, underwriting
                                services provided by any individual underwriter do not impact
                                services provided by any of the others).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.25" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.25
                                </b> Additionally, FASB ASC 606-10-55-39 provides the
                                following indicators that an entity controls the specified good or
                                service and is acting as principal. A lead underwriter could
                                evaluate these indicators as follows:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The entity is primarily
                                            responsible for fulfilling the contract.</i> Each
                                        syndicate member named in the underwriting agreement is
                                        legally responsible to perform services for the issuer in
                                        accordance with the terms of the contract. Each syndicate
                                        member is severally obligated to perform and, in the event
                                        that there is alleged wrongdoing, each underwriter in the
                                        group is severally liable under the terms of the contracts.
                                        Although the lead underwriter negotiates with the issuer on
                                        behalf of the entire syndicate, its role is to arrange for
                                        the services of the syndicate. This is an indicator of an
                                        agent relationship.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The entity has inventory risk
                                            before or after the goods have been ordered, during
                                            shipping, or upon return.</i> The lead
                                        underwriter does not have inventory risk because it does not
                                        purchase or commit to purchase the services of the
                                        participating underwriters at any time. Further, the lead
                                        underwriter does not commit to provide services to the
                                        issuer (that is, raise capital, which includes engaging
                                        other vendors to provide services necessary to help sell
                                        securities) prior to execution of the underwriting agreement
                                        (and, at that point, all syndicate members have been
                                        identified). This is an indicator of an agent
                                        relationship.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The entity has discretion in
                                            establishing the price for the specified good or
                                            service.</i> The lead underwriter is ultimately
                                        responsible for negotiating the engagement terms, including
                                        economics, with both the issuer and with the members of the
                                        syndicate. However, the level of discretion the lead
                                        underwriter has in such negotiations should be considered in
                                        the context of the facts and circumstances of the offering.
                                        Because the underwriting spread and the syndicate
                                        underwriter compensation arrangements are disclosed in the
                                        agreements, there is generally transparency between the
                                        parties in the deal, ensuring that compensation to all
                                        members of the underwriting syndicate must be competitive
                                        among the group, that is, the lead underwriter does not have
                                        a greater influence on the ultimate pricing than the other
                                        members of the syndicate. In such circumstances, this
                                        indicator may not be determinative.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.26" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.26
                                </b> FinREC believes that, generally, the lead underwriter is
                                not acting as a principal to provide underwriting services for the
                                overall issuance because (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>) the
                                underwriter does not obtain control over the services of the other
                                members of the syndicate as discussed in FASB ASC 606-10-55-37A and
                                    (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>) based on the weight of
                                the indicators in FASB ASC 606-10-55-39. Consequently, in accordance
                                with FASB ASC 606-10-55-38, the lead underwriter should only record
                                underwriting revenues in amounts related to the underwriter’s
                                services and not include any revenues related to the services of the
                                participating underwriters. However, the specific facts of each
                                arrangement should be considered when making this
                                determination.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>