<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-6efae1b0-4145-78bd-ddb0-22019fbd4402" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Costs to Fulfill a Contract</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.08" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.08</b> The compensation of employees assigned to
                                    the advisory engagement are direct costs of fulfilling the
                                    advisory contract. In addition, out-of-pocket expenses may be
                                    incurred as part of performing the advisory service. Customary
                                    out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with fulfilling an
                                    advisory contract may include travel (for example, airfare,
                                    hotel, and meals), fees for external legal counsel and other
                                    professional advisers and fees related to business information
                                    services (for example, market and industry research),
                                    (collectively "out-of-pocket expenses").</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.09" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.09</b> A broker-dealer should evaluate if
                                    compensation and out-of-pocket expenses incurred to fulfill an
                                    advisory contract should be deferred and recognized as an asset.
                                    FASB ASC 340-40-25-5 states the following:</p>
      <lq class="- topic/lq ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">An entity shall recognize an asset for the costs incurred
                                        to fulfill a contract only if those costs meet all of the
                                        following criteria:</p>
         <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The costs relate directly to a contract or an
                                                anticipated contract that the entity can
                                                specifically identify (for example, costs relating
                                                to services to be provided under renewal of an
                                                existing contract or costs of designing an asset to
                                                be transferred under a specific contract that has
                                                not yet been approved).</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The costs generate or enhance resources of the
                                                entity that will be used in satisfying (or
                                                continuing to satisfy) performance obligations in
                                                the future.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The costs are expected to be recovered.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </lq>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.10" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.10</b> FinREC believes that the first criterion
                                    for cost capitalization in FASB ASC 340-40-25-5 is generally met
                                    in a typical advisory contract. The terms and conditions under
                                    which the broker-dealer is engaged to provide services are
                                    documented in an advisory contract between the broker-dealer and
                                    the customer. A portion of the compensation of employees
                                    assigned to work directly on the advisory engagement are direct
                                    costs of fulfilling the advisory contract. The out-of-pocket
                                    expenses incurred as part of performing the advisory services
                                    relate directly to the specific advisory contract between the
                                    entity and customer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.11" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.11</b> In regards to the second criterion for
                                    cost capitalization in FASB ASC 340-40-25-5, the compensation of
                                    employees assigned to work directly on the engagement and
                                    out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with performing
                                    the advisory work are costs that may generate or enhance
                                    resources used to provide advisory services to the customer,
                                    depending on whether the advisory service is satisfied over time
                                    or at a point in time. For example, as there may be litigation
                                    risks associated with certain advisory transactions, outside
                                    legal counsel may be engaged to represent the broker-dealer and
                                    assist with activities such as reviewing and drafting the
                                    fairness opinion, reviewing all transaction-related documents
                                    and drafting proxy statements related to the deal. The work
                                    performed by the employees and additional resources (for
                                    example, legal advice, market research, and travel costs) all
                                    help the broker-dealer build the requisite knowledge (intangible
                                    benefit) needed to inform its views and provide sound advice to
                                    the customer. If the requisite knowledge is used to satisfy
                                    future performance obligation(s), these costs meet this
                                    criterion to be capitalized as an asset, as they generate or
                                    enhance resources of the entity that will be used to satisfy a
                                    future performance obligation. However, in situations where the
                                    costs incurred are related to satisfied performance obligations
                                    (often the case if a performance obligation is satisfied over
                                    time as opposed to at a point in time in the future), the second
                                    criterion for the costs to be capitalized is not met. Therefore,
                                    costs that are incurred to satisfy performance obligations over
                                    time shall be expensed as incurred. This is consistent with
                                    BC308 of FASB ASU No. 2014-09, which states that “only costs
                                    that meet the definition of an asset are recognized as such and
                                    that an entity is precluded from deferring costs merely to
                                    normalize profit margins throughout a contract by allocating
                                    revenue and costs evenly over the life of the contract.”</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.12" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.12</b> In regards to the third criterion for
                                    cost capitalization in FASB ASC 340-40-25-5, an entity can
                                    expect to recover costs incurred to fulfill a contract through
                                    direct recovery (reimbursement under the contract) or indirect
                                    recovery (through the margin inherent in the contract). FinREC
                                    believes this criterion generally will be met for out-of-pocket
                                    costs in arrangements in which these costs are explicitly
                                    reimbursable or otherwise expected to be recovered despite the
                                    success of the engagement, such as through a nonrefundable
                                    retainer fee or termination fee if the underlying transaction
                                    does not close. FinREC believes this criterion is not typically
                                    met for employee compensation costs, because, unlike
                                    out-of-pocket costs, compensation costs generally (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>) are not explicitly reimbursable
                                    and (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>) may be sufficiently
                                    large that they would not be recoverable through up-front or
                                    termination fees despite the success of the engagement.
                                    Therefore, recovery of such costs is dependent upon events and
                                    circumstances that are outside the control of the broker-dealer.
                                    This situation may indicate that sufficient evidence does not
                                    exist to support a conclusion that the costs are expected to be
                                    recovered. However, an entity should consider if the arrangement
                                    includes nonrefundable fees that it expects to collect (for
                                    example, retainer fee, termination fee) that may demonstrate the
                                    entity can recover these costs, or a portion of the costs, and
                                    therefore meet the recoverability criterion for capitalization
                                    up to the recoverable amount.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.13" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.13</b> In summary, FinREC believes that
                                    out-of-pocket expenses typically will qualify for deferral and
                                    capitalization as an asset if the costs incurred are (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>) related to performance
                                    obligations satisfied in the future and (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>) explicitly reimbursable or expected to be
                                    recovered despite the success of the engagement. However,
                                    compensation of employees assigned to work directly on the
                                    advisory engagement will not generally qualify for deferral and
                                    capitalization as an asset because, unlike out-of-pocket
                                    expenses, compensation generally are not explicitly reimbursable
                                    and may be sufficiently large that they would not be recoverable
                                    despite the success of the engagement. However, an entity should
                                    consider if the arrangement includes nonrefundable fees that it
                                    expects to collect (for example, retainer fee, termination fee)
                                    that may demonstrate the entity can recover these costs, or a
                                    portion of the costs, and therefore meet the recoverability
                                    criterion for capitalization up to the recoverable amount. The
                                    specific facts and circumstances of each arrangement should be
                                    considered when making these determinations.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>