<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-4b40971f-3ff9-39cc-6cfd-98aa32de0e25" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Principal Versus Agent: Costs Associated With
                            Underwriting</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">This Accounting Implementation Issue Is Relevant
                                for Application of Principal vs. Agent Consideration Under FASB ASC
                                606 to Costs Associated With Underwriting.</i>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.21" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.21
                            </b> Each member of an underwriting syndicate should evaluate the
                            transaction price that it expects to receive for providing underwriting
                            services to the issuer. Additionally, the lead underwriter should
                            evaluate whether it is acting as a principal to provide underwriting
                            services for the overall issuance (that is, with the participating
                            underwriters providing services to the lead underwriter, rather than to
                            the issuer) in accordance with the guidance in paragraphs 36-40 of FASB
                            ASC 606-10-55. The principle governing the analysis is outlined in
                            paragraphs 36 and 36A of FASB ASC 606-10-55. FASB ASC 606-10-55-36
                            states that "When another party is involved in providing goods or
                            services to a customer, the entity should determine whether the nature
                            of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified
                            goods or services itself (that is, the entity is a principal) or to
                            arrange for those goods and services to be provided by the other party
                            (that is, the entity is an agent)." FASB ASC 606-10-55-36A states the
                            following:</p>
      <lq class="- topic/lq ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">To determine the nature of its promise (as described in paragraph
                                606-10-55-36), the entity should:</p>
         <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Identify the specified goods or services to be provided to
                                        the customer...</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Assess whether it controls (as described in paragraph
                                        606-10-25-25) each specified good or service before that
                                        good or service is transferred to the customer.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </lq>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.22" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.22
                            </b> This analysis should be performed by the lead underwriter
                            and the participating underwriters for the services provided to the
                            issuer. See the section "<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_underwriting_revenues.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-4a47ef8f-2644-b9d7-21e0-1238069d8496">Underwriting Revenues</xref>" in paragraphs 5.6.33–5.6.61 for
                            guidance on defining the performance obligation.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>