<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-d3768775-32c8-d45c-ba4f-5da1c7f79f13" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Presentation</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.15" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.15</b> When another party is involved in
                                    providing goods or services to a customer, the broker-dealer
                                    should determine whether the nature of its promise is a
                                    performance obligation to provide the specified goods or
                                    services itself (that is, the broker-dealer is a principal) or
                                    to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the
                                    other party (that is, the broker-dealer is an agent). To apply
                                    the principal versus agent guidance, a broker-dealer must first
                                    properly identify the specified good or service to be
                                    transferred to the customer. See the section “<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_investment_banking_ma_advisory.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-95272ab7-49cf-a1fe-04f0-80bb3f1edaf5">Investment Banking M&amp;A Advisory Fees</xref>” in
                                    paragraphs 5.6.78–5.6.110 for guidance on defining the
                                    performance obligation.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.16" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.16</b> A broker-dealer should apply the guidance
                                    in paragraphs 37A and 39 of FASB ASC 606-10-55 to determine if
                                    it controls the specified good or service before it is
                                    transferred to the customer and is therefore acting as
                                    principal. In accordance with FASB ASC 606-10-55-37B,
                                    reimbursable advisory costs should be presented gross when the
                                    broker-dealer is acting in a principal capacity and in
                                    accordance with FASB ASC 606-10-55-38 presented net (that is,
                                    contra revenue) when the broker-dealer is acting in an agent
                                    capacity.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.17" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.17</b> FASB ASC 606-10-55-37A indicates that
                                    when another party is involved in providing goods or services to
                                    a customer, an entity that is a principal obtains control of any
                                    one of the following:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">A good or another asset from the other party that it
                                            then transfers to the customer.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">A right to a service to be performed by the other
                                            party, which gives the entity the ability to direct that
                                            party to provide the service to the customer on the
                                            entity’s behalf.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">A good or service from the other party that it then
                                            combines with other goods or services in providing the
                                            specified good or service to the customer...</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.18" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.18</b> A broker-dealer incurs out-of-pocket
                                    expenses as part of providing advisory services to the customer.
                                    The out-of-pocket expenses pertain to services that help the
                                    broker-dealer build the requisite knowledge needed to perform
                                    under the advisory engagement. The broker-dealer uses these
                                    services and combines them with other services as part of
                                    delivering on its performance obligation to provide advisory
                                    service to the customer as discussed in FASB ASC
                                    606-10-55-37Ac.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.19" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.19</b> Additionally, FASB ASC 606-10-55-39
                                    provides indicators that an entity controls the specified good
                                    or service and is acting as principal. FinREC believes a broker
                                    dealer would evaluate these indicators as follows:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The entity is primarily responsible for fulfilling the
                                            promise to provide the specified good or service
                                            —</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">The specified service is the advisory service agreed
                                            to in the contract between the broker-dealer and
                                            customer. FinREC believes this criterion is met as the
                                            broker-dealer is the party responsible for fulfilling
                                            the promise of providing the advice to the customer. The
                                            broker-dealer separately engages and contracts with
                                            third-party service providers such as law firms,
                                            airlines, and hotels, and in doing so is not acting as
                                            an agent between these providers and the
                                            customer.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The entity has inventory risk before the specified
                                            good or service has been transferred to a customer or
                                            after that transfer.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">FinREC believes this criterion is not met. The
                                            broker-dealer does not commit to obtain the services
                                            from the supplier before entering a contract with the
                                            customer.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The entity has discretion in establishing prices for
                                            the specified good or service.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">FinREC believes this criterion is met as the
                                            broker-dealer has discretion in establishing the fee for
                                            the services from third-party suppliers (for example,
                                            law firms engaged for the advisory services by the
                                            broker-dealer). That is, the broker-dealer could cover
                                            the third-party supplier fees by charging a direct
                                            reimbursement fee or cover them by charging a higher
                                            overall advisory services fee.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.20" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.7.20</b> FinREC believes the broker-dealer
                                    generally is acting as principal and consequently, in accordance
                                    with FASB ASC 606-10-55-38, the reimbursable costs incurred to
                                    fulfill the advisory contract should be presented as revenue and
                                    expense in the gross amount of consideration to which it expects
                                    to be entitled. FinREC believes this because (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>) the broker-dealer obtains
                                    control of these services and combines them with other services
                                    as part of delivering on its performance obligation as discussed
                                    in FASB ASC 606-10-55-37Ac, and (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>) based on the weight of the indicators in FASB
                                    ASC 606-10-55-39. However, the specific facts and circumstances
                                    of each arrangement should be considered when making this
                                    determination.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>