<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11_UUID-9a0b29c7-213f-fa6b-7083-a7cc56e045be" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">The Understanding of Processes and Controls the Auditor Needs to Assess
                    the Risk of Material Misstatement</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11_aag-afi8.17" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">8.17</b> In order to
                    assess the risks of material misstatements, the auditor would obtain the
                    following understanding of processes and controls:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The investment adviser initiates trades within parameters set by Lane,
                            and the investment adviser directs the broker-dealer to execute
                            them.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The broker-dealer sends a confirmation of each trade to the investment
                            adviser and Lane, which Lane usually receives within three business
                            days.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Lane records the trade in the applicable general ledger accounts when
                            it receives the trade confirmation. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
                  <fn callout="4" id="UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11-aag-afi8-fn4" class="- topic/fn ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">In this scenario, recording trades when Lane Components, Inc.
                                    (Lane) receives the broker-dealer’s monthly statements may also
                                    be an effective control for Lane.</p>
                  </fn>
                  <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi_the_understanding_of_processes1.dita#UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11_UUID-9a0b29c7-213f-fa6b-7083-a7cc56e045be/UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11-aag-afi8-fn4"/>
               </ph>
            </p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Monthly, the broker-dealer sends the investment adviser and Lane a
                            statement that includes trades, servicing transactions, a description of
                            the financial instruments held, and the fair value of each of those
                            financial instruments.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Quarterly, the investment adviser provides Lane with a summary of
                            trades it has initiated and the performance of the financial
                            instruments’ portfolio. Monthly, Lane compares the information about
                            trades and the components of its financial instruments’ portfolio shown
                            in its accounting records (which are recorded based on confirmations and
                            statements from the broker-dealer) with the information in the
                            investment adviser’s monthly statement and identifies and investigates
                            any significant differences.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">At the end of the year, Lane records any trades initiated by the
                            investment adviser for which confirmations have not been received.
                            Information for recording that information is obtained from Lane’s
                            reconciliation of the investment adviser’s information with the
                            broker-dealer’s information.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Monthly, Lane records servicing transactions and changes in unrealized
                            holding gains and losses based on information in the broker-dealer’s
                            monthly statement. Lane compares the broker-dealer information with its
                            expectations based on published information and investigates significant
                            differences.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The broker-dealer’s execution of trades and holding of financial
                            instruments are not part of Lane’s information system.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11_aag-afi8.18" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">8.18</b> With respect to
                    whether obtaining an understanding of the controls of the investment adviser and
                    broker-dealer is necessary to plan the audit, the auditor concludes there is a
                    high degree of interaction between Lane’s activities and those of the
                    broker-dealer and investment adviser. Lane is able to and elects to implement
                    effective controls over the activities of the broker-dealer and the investment
                    adviser, including the investment adviser’s controls over initiation of trades
                    and the broker-dealer’s controls over servicing financial instruments. Lane
                    performs the following procedures:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reconciles the investment adviser’s information with the
                            broker-dealer’s information and investigates significant
                            differences</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Compares broker-dealer information about servicing and fair values
                            with its expectations based on published information and investigates
                            significant differences</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>