<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48_UUID-47295a5c-2faa-eafa-b566-3907af8783a0" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Description of the Transaction</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48_aag-afi9.03" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">9.03</b> On September 24,
                    20X1, Martin, Inc. (Martin) purchased as an investment 100 of the $1,000, 5%
                    convertible bonds issued by Larson Enterprises (Larson). The bonds have a
                    conversion option under which Martin can require Larson to settle the bonds at
                    any time prior to their maturity by converting each bond into 26.185 shares of
                    Larson’s publicly traded equity securities. For each bond, Martin paid $1,242.50
                    plus accrued interest of $19.98, for a total price per bond of $1,262.48.
                    Therefore, Martin paid $126,248 for the 100 bonds, consisting of $124,250 for
                    the convertible bonds and $1,998 for accrued interest. Martin classifies the
                    bonds as available for sale. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="4" id="UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48-aag-afi9-fn4" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">As noted in FASB ASC 320-10-25-5, the existence of the conversion
                            option on Larson Enterprises’ (Larson’s) stock would generally preclude
                            Martin, Inc. (Martin) from classifying the bonds as held to maturity. A
                            conversion option feature on a held-to-maturity security will call into
                            question an investor’s stated intent to hold other debt securities to
                            maturity in the future.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi9_description_of_the_transaction.dita#UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48_UUID-47295a5c-2faa-eafa-b566-3907af8783a0/UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48-aag-afi9-fn4"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48_aag-afi9.04" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">9.04</b> The convertible
                    bonds are hybrid financial instruments that are a combination of straight
                    interest-bearing bonds and a conversion option. Because the option affects the
                    value of the bonds in a manner similar to a derivative, Martin must analyze the
                    hybrid instrument against the three criteria set out in FASB ASC 815-15-25-1.
                        <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="5" id="UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48-aag-afi9-fn5" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Because Larson’s equity securities are publicly traded, the option
                            that requires physical delivery of those shares would generally be
                            considered net settleable because the shares are readily convertible
                            into cash. As discussed in FASB ASC 815-10-15-18, if the shares were not
                            readily convertible into cash (for example, because they are privately
                            held), the option would not be considered net settleable and, therefore,
                            would not be a derivative instrument subject to the requirements of FASB
                            ASC 815, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Derivatives and Hedging</i>, if
                            freestanding.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi9_description_of_the_transaction.dita#UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48_UUID-47295a5c-2faa-eafa-b566-3907af8783a0/UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48-aag-afi9-fn5"/>
         </ph> If the bond meets all the criteria, the option is an embedded
                    derivative that must be accounted for separately from the straight bonds. The
                    straight bonds are considered to be the host contracts for the embedded
                    derivative. <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="#UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48_UUID-47295a5c-2faa-eafa-b566-3907af8783a0/UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48_aag-afi9_exhibit_9-1">Exhibit 9-1</xref>, "Martin, Inc., Comparison of the Conversion Option in
                    the Larson Enterprises’ Bonds With the Criteria in FASB <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting Standards Codification</i> 815-15-25-1 for Separately
                    Accounting for an Embedded Derivative," compares the option contained in the
                    Larson convertible bonds with the three criteria.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48_aag-afi9.05" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">9.05</b> Paragraphs 4–5
                    of FASB ASC 815-15-25 permit fair value remeasurement of any hybrid financial
                    instrument that contains an embedded derivative that otherwise would require
                    bifurcation. An entity that initially recognizes a hybrid financial instrument
                    that under FASB ASC 815-15-25-1 would be required to be separated into a host
                    contract and derivative instrument may irrevocably elect to initially and
                    subsequently measure that hybrid financial instrument in its entirety at fair
                    value (with changes in fair value recognized in earnings and, if paragraph
                    825-10-45-5 is applicable, other comprehensive income). A financial instrument
                    should be evaluated to determine that it has an embedded derivative requiring
                    bifurcation before the instrument can become a candidate for the fair value
                    election. The fair value election should be supported by concurrent
                    documentation or a preexisting documented policy for automatic election. That
                    recognized hybrid financial instrument could be an asset or a liability, and it
                    could be acquired or issued by the entity. That election is also available when
                    a previously recognized financial instrument is subject to a remeasurement event
                    (new basis event) and the separate recognition of an embedded derivative. For
                    purposes of FASB ASC 815-15-25-5, a <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">remeasurement (new
                        basis event)</i> is an event identified in accounting principles
                    generally accepted in the United States of America, other than the recognition
                    of an other-than-temporary impairment, or measurement of an impairment loss
                    through earnings under FASB ASC 321, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Investments —
                        Equity Securities</i>, on equity investments, that requires a
                    financial instrument to be remeasured to its fair value at the time of the event
                    but does not require that instrument to be reported at fair value on a
                    continuous basis with the change in fair value recognized in earnings. Examples
                    of remeasurement events are <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">business
                        combinations</i> and <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">significant
                        modifications of debt</i>, as defined in FASB ASC 470-50. Per FASB
                    ASC 815-15-25-6, the fair value election should not be applied to any hybrid
                    instruments listed in FASB ASC 825-10-50-8.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" class="- topic/p ">
         <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">Paragraphs 4–5 of FASB ASC 815-15-25 permit
                        fair value remeasurement of any hybrid financial instrument that contains an
                        embedded derivative that otherwise would require bifurcation. An entity that
                        initially recognizes a hybrid financial instrument that under FASB ASC
                        815-15-25-1 would be required to be separated into a host contract and
                        derivative instrument may irrevocably elect to initially and subsequently
                        measure that hybrid financial instrument in its entirety at fair value (with
                        changes in fair value recognized in earnings and, if paragraph 825-10-45-5
                        is applicable, other comprehensive income). A financial instrument should be
                        evaluated to determine that it has an embedded derivative requiring
                        bifurcation before the instrument can become a candidate for the fair value
                        election. The fair value election should be supported by concurrent
                        documentation or a preexisting documented policy for automatic election.
                        That recognized hybrid financial instrument could be an asset or a
                        liability, and it could be acquired or issued by the entity. That election
                        is also available when a previously recognized financial instrument is
                        subject to a remeasurement event (new basis event) and the separate
                        recognition of an embedded derivative. For purposes of FASB ASC 815-15-25-5,
                        a <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">remeasurement (new basis event)</i> is an
                        event identified in accounting principles generally accepted in the United
                        States of America, other than the recording of a credit loss under FASB ASC
                        326, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Financial Instruments — Credit
                            Losses</i>, or measurement of an impairment loss through earnings
                        under FASB ASC 321 on equity investments, that requires a financial
                        instrument to be remeasured to its fair value at the time of the event but
                        does not require that instrument to be reported at fair value on a
                        continuous basis with the change in fair value recognized in earnings.
                        Examples of remeasurement events are <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">business
                            combinations</i> and <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">significant
                            modifications of debt</i>, as defined in FASB ASC 470-50. Per
                        FASB ASC 815-15-25-6, the fair value election should not be applied to any
                        hybrid instruments listed in FASB ASC 825-10-50-8.</ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48_aag-afi9.06" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">9.06</b> According to
                    FASB ASC 815-15-25-5, the fair value election for hybrid financial instruments
                    in paragraphs 4–5 of FASB ASC 815-15-25 may be made on an
                    instrument-by-instrument basis.</p>
      <table outputclass="ruled" id="UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48_aag-afi9_table1" class="- topic/table ">
         <title id="UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48_aag-afi9_exhibit_9-1" class="- topic/title ">Exhibit 9-1 — Martin, Inc., Comparison of
                        the Conversion Option in the Larson Enterprises’ Bonds With the Criteria in
                        FASB <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting Standards Codification</i>
                        815-15-25-1 for Separately Accounting for an Embedded Derivative</title>
         <tgroup cols="2" class="- topic/tgroup ">
            <colspec colname="c1" class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <colspec colname="c2" class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <thead class="- topic/thead ">
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Criterion</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Analysis</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody class="- topic/tbody ">
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Not clearly and closely
                                        related.</i> The economic characteristics and risks
                                    of the embedded derivative instrument are not clearly and
                                    closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of the
                                    host contract.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Following the guidance in paragraphs 30–34 of FASB <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting Standards Codification</i>
                                    (ASC) 815-10-15, because the option is based on stock prices, it
                                    is not clearly and closely related to the straight bond.</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Criterion is met.</i>
                     </p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting for the hybrid
                                        instrument.</i> The hybrid instrument that embodies
                                    both the embedded derivative instrument and host contract is not
                                    remeasured at fair value under otherwise applicable accounting
                                    principles generally accepted in the United States of America,
                                    with changes in fair value reported in earnings as they
                                    occur.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Martin, Inc., classifies the bonds as available for sale under
                                    FASB ASC 320-10-25-1. Accordingly, although the bonds will be
                                    remeasured at fair value, the changes in their fair value will
                                    be reported in other comprehensive income rather than
                                        earnings.<b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">*</b>
                     </p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Criterion is met.</i>
                     </p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The embedded instrument is a
                                        derivative.</i> A separate instrument with the same
                                    terms as the embedded instrument meets the definition of a
                                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">derivative</i>, subject to
                                    the requirements of FASB ASC 815-10-15.</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">A conversion option would be a derivative subject to the
                                    requirements of FASB ASC 815, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Derivatives and Hedging</i>.</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Criterion is met.</i>
                     </p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry namest="c1" nameend="c2" valign="top" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">*</b>    If Martin, Inc., instead
                                    classified the bonds as trading under FASB ASC 320, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Investments — Debt and Equity
                                        Securities</i>, the bonds would be remeasured at fair
                                    value, with changes in fair value reported in earnings as they
                                    occur. Accordingly, this criterion would not be met, and FASB
                                    ASC 815, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Derivatives and
                                        Hedging</i>, would prohibit accounting for the option
                                    separately from the bond.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
            </tbody>
         </tgroup>
      </table>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Because all three criteria are met, Martin should account for the option (that
                    is, embedded derivative) separately from the straight bond (that is, host
                    contract).</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>
