<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Chapter 11 — Case Study of the Use of a Foreign Currency Put Option to Hedge a
            Forecasted Sale Denominated in a Foreign Currency</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <note type="notice" outputclass="box-border shade grey" class="- topic/note ">
         <p outputclass="ps_box_shade" class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Gray shaded text in this chapter reflects guidance issued
                    but not yet effective as of the date of this guide, September 1, 2020, but
                    becoming effective on or prior to December 31, 2020, exclusive of any option to
                    early adopt ahead of the mandatory effective date. Unless otherwise indicated,
                    all unshaded text reflects guidance that was already effective as of the date of
                    this guide.</i>
         </p>
      </note>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_aag-afi11.01" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">11.01</b> In this case study,
            the entity has forecasted a foreign currency-denominated sale during the upcoming period
            and is exposed to the risk that the foreign currency exchange rate will change by the
            time the sale occurs. To manage this risk, the entity enters into a foreign currency
            cash flow hedge using a foreign currency put option.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_aag-afi11.02" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">11.02</b> By purchasing the put
            option, the entity has the right to sell foreign currency to the writer at the spot
            price, which, in this case study, is the current exchange rate. To obtain this right,
            the entity pays the writer a premium.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_aag-afi11.03" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">11.03</b> The most fundamental
            characteristic of every option is the uneven allocation of risk and reward. The holder
            of the option (the entity, in this case study) receives a larger potential gain than it
            does risk of loss. In this case study, the entity’s profits on the option increase as
            the value of the foreign currency falls relative to the functional currency (U.S.
            dollars). However, if the value of the foreign currency rises relative to the functional
            currency, the entity simply will not exercise its option and can lose no more than the
            option premium it paid the writer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_aag-afi11.04" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">11.04</b> The value of an option
            during its life has two components: the intrinsic value and time value. The term
                <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">intrinsic value</i> is defined in the FASB ASC
            glossary as the amount by which fair value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise
            price of an option (or the difference between the underlying spot price and option
            exercise price, which would be the strike rate, in this case study) if that difference
            is positive for the option holder. Intrinsic value is the net amount that would be
            realized upon immediate exercise of the option and sale of the underlying instrument
            (foreign currency, in this case study), and it can never be negative for the option
            holder.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_aag-afi11.05" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">11.05</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Time value</i> is the excess of the total fair value of the
            option over its intrinsic value. Time value represents the premium that a rational
            investor would pay for an option based on the likelihood that, and degree to which, the
            fair value of the underlying stock may exceed the exercise price of the option before
            the option expires. Time value can never be negative for the holder and only decreases
            to zero when the option reaches its expiration date.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_aag-afi11.06" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">11.06</b> The "<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../aag-afi/aag-afi11/aag-afi11_accounting_considerations/aag-afi11_accounting_considerations.dita#UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_UUID-d9d61a2b-be2d-66f7-058f-70b3b17147f3">Accounting Considerations</xref>" section illustrates the accounting for the cash
            flow hedge of a forecasted foreign currency-denominated transaction, including the
            requirement that the forecasted transaction be probable, and illustrates an audit
            approach when control risk is assessed as low or moderate for certain assertions.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>