<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48_UUID-cfe77faf-3cda-1c54-2572-bb90395955e4" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Accounting Considerations</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">Accounting Considerations <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="2" id="UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48-aag-afi9-fn2" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">For simplicity, this case study ignores income tax consequences.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi9_accounting_considerations.dita#UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48_UUID-cfe77faf-3cda-1c54-2572-bb90395955e4/UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48-aag-afi9-fn2"/>
         </ph>
         <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="3" id="UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48-aag-afi9-fn3" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">FASB Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-13, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Financial Instruments — Credit Losses (Topic 326):
                            Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments</i> was
                        issued in June 2016. The ASU is effective for fiscal years of public
                        business entities (PBEs) that are SEC filers in fiscal years beginning after
                        December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For
                        all other entities, the amendments in ASU No. 2016-13 are effective for
                        fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, including interim periods
                        within those fiscal years, consistent with the amended effective date in ASU
                        No. 2019-10, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Financial Instruments — Credit Losses
                            (Topic 326), Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815), and Leases (Topic
                            842): Effective Dates</i>. Early application is permitted for all
                        entities as of the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including
                        interim periods within those fiscal years.</p>
               <p class="- topic/p ">ASU No. 2016-13 creates FASB <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting Standards
                            Codification</i> (ASC) 326, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Financial
                            Instruments — Credit Losses</i>, to amend guidance on reporting
                        credit losses for assets held at amortized cost basis and available for sale
                        debt securities. For assets held at amortized cost basis, FASB ASC 326
                        eliminates the probable initial recognition threshold in current generally
                        accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and, instead, requires an entity to
                        reflect its current estimate of all expected credit losses. The allowance
                        for credit losses is a valuation account that is deducted from the amortized
                        cost basis of the financial assets to present the net amount expected to be
                        collected.</p>
               <p class="- topic/p ">For available for sale debt securities, credit losses should be measured
                        in a manner similar to current GAAP. However, FASB ASC 326 will require that
                        credit losses be presented as an allowance rather than as a write-down. ASU
                        No. 2016-13 affects entities holding financial assets and net investment in
                        leases that are not accounted for at fair value through net income. The
                        amendments affect loans, debt securities, trade receivables, net investments
                        in leases, off-balance-sheet credit exposures, reinsurance receivables, and
                        any other financial assets not excluded from the scope that have the
                        contractual right to receive cash. This also changed guidance in FASB ASC
                        325-40, which is related to initial and subsequent measurement.</p>
               <p class="- topic/p ">Readers are encouraged to consult the full text of this ASU on FASB's
                        website at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.fasb.org">www.fasb.org</xref>.</p>
               <p class="- topic/p ">For more information on ASU No. 2016-13, see <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../aag-afi/aag-afi_appF/aag-afi_appF.dita#UUID-36b93069-418f-360e-617e-fd22a8bcb986">appendix F</xref>, "Accounting for Financial Instruments," of this
                        guide.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi9_accounting_considerations.dita#UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48_UUID-cfe77faf-3cda-1c54-2572-bb90395955e4/UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48-aag-afi9-fn3"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>