<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_UUID-d0295277-6491-f473-5948-e19ce1088ade" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Audit Considerations When a Management’s Specialist Is Used by the
                Entity</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_aag-afi5.45" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.45</b> As discussed in
                    <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../aag-afi/aag-afi1/aag-afi1.dita#UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb">chapter 1</xref> of this guide, management may engage a valuation specialist to
                value some or all of the entity’s financial instruments. Such specialists may be
                brokers, investment bankers, pricing services that also provide valuation services,
                or other specialized valuation firms.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_aag-afi5.46" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.46</b> Paragraph .08 of
                AU-C section 500B contains requirements for the auditor when evaluating evidence
                from a specialist engaged by management. The extent of the auditor’s procedures in
                relation to management’s specialist and that specialist’s work depend on the
                significance of the specialist’s work for the auditor’s purposes. Evaluating the
                appropriateness of management’s specialist’s work assists the auditor in assessing
                whether the prices or valuations supplied by management’s specialist provide
                sufficient appropriate audit evidence to support the valuations. Examples of
                procedures the auditor may perform include</p>
      <ul class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">evaluating the competence, capabilities, and objectivity of management’s
                        specialist (for example, his or her relationship with the entity, reputation
                        and standing in the market, experience with the particular types of
                        instruments, and understanding of the relevant financial reporting framework
                        applicable to the valuations).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">obtaining an understanding of the work of management’s specialist (for
                        example, by assessing the appropriateness of the valuation technique[s] used
                        and the key market variables and assumptions used in the valuation
                        technique[s]).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">evaluating the appropriateness of that specialist’s work as audit
                        evidence. At this point, the focus is on the appropriateness of the
                        specialist’s work at the level of the individual financial instrument. For a
                        sample of the relevant instruments, it may be appropriate to develop an
                        estimate independently (see <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../aag-afi/aag-afi5/aag-afi5_developing_a_point_estimate/aag-afi5_developing_a_point_estimate.dita#UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_UUID-200ace4e-5f6c-c9ba-3790-9f0170078846/UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_aag-afi5.48">paragraphs 5.48–.49</xref> on developing a point estimate or range)
                        using different data and assumptions, then compare that estimate with that
                        of management’s specialist.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">other procedures that may include</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">modeling different assumptions to derive assumptions in another
                                model, then considering the reasonableness of those derived
                                assumptions.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">comparing management’s point estimates with the auditor’s point
                                estimates to determine if management’s estimates are consistently
                                higher or lower.</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_aag-afi5.47" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.47</b> Assumptions may be
                made or identified by management’s specialist to assist management in valuing its
                financial instruments. Such assumptions, when used by management, become
                management’s assumptions that the auditor needs to consider in the same manner as
                management’s other assumptions.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>