<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-5973db18-80d2-37de-e436-ce74f498c9f8" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">The Control Environment</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.07" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.07</b> The control
                environment sets the tone of an organization, influencing the control consciousness
                of its people. It is the foundation for all other components of internal control,
                providing discipline and structure. Under COSO, the principles of the control
                environment are as follows:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The organization demonstrates a commitment to integrity and ethical
                        values.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The board of directors demonstrates independence from management and
                        exercises oversight of the development and performance of internal
                        control.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Management establishes, with board oversight, structures, reporting lines,
                        and appropriate authorities and responsibilities in the pursuit of
                        objectives.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The organization demonstrates a commitment to attract, develop, and retain
                        competent individuals in alignment with objectives.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The organization holds individuals accountable for their internal control
                        responsibilities in the pursuit of objectives.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.08" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.08</b> The control
                environment comprises the conditions under which the broker-dealer's information and
                communication system, the risk assessment process, monitoring, and control
                activities are designed, implemented, and function.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.09" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.09</b> The control
                environment represents the collective effect of various factors on the overall
                effectiveness of the broker-dealer's internal control. These factors include the
                following:</p>
      <ul class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Management's personal characteristics, philosophy, and operating style and
                        their commitment to accurate financial reporting have a significant
                        influence on the control environment, particularly if management is
                        dominated by one or a few individuals. A positive tone at the top is an
                        important prerequisite for accurate and complete financial reporting. In a
                        broker-dealer, compliance and control over legal matters and regulatory
                        compliance are important indicators of the overall philosophy held by senior
                        management. Management's approach to taking and monitoring business risks
                        and its commitment to accurate financial reporting are other indications of
                        the tone at the top. Management's commitment to accurate financial reporting
                        may influence the activities of employees throughout the organization.
                        Likewise, the types of activities that a broker-dealer engages in
                        (securities they sell, revenue streams they generate), as well as the amount
                        of risk management is willing to take, affect the operating style. For
                        example, the following business activities may affect management's operating
                        style:</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Carrying customer accounts and clearing trades</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Introducing customers to clearing brokers and managing customer
                                funds</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Investment banking and private placements</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Market-makers</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The external business and regulatory environment requires management to
                        establish and maintain effective internal control in a broker-dealer. For
                        example, examinations by self-regulatory bodies and their enforcement
                        powers, as well as review of compliance reports by the SEC and other
                        governmental bodies, require management of broker-dealers to establish
                        effective controls. In addition, regulatory minimum books and records
                        requirements mandate that certain control activities be in place and
                        documented. Additionally, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA)
                        rules require every broker-dealer to establish and maintain a system to
                        supervise the activities of personnel, including developing and maintaining
                        a set of supervisory control procedures that will reasonably ensure
                        compliance with FINRA and SEC rules and regulations. The supervisory
                        procedures are required to be written and annually certified by the
                        broker-dealer. A broker-dealer’s written supervisory procedures and related
                        annual certification may provide valuable summary information about the
                        broker-dealer’s compliance controls.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Management's commitment to designing and maintaining reliable accounting
                        and stock record systems has a significant influence on the control
                        environment. A low level of management concern about acceptable business
                        practices, as well as deficiencies in controls, may lead a broker-dealer's
                        employees either to adopt a similarly low level of concern or attempt to
                        take advantage of deficient controls. That is, setting the right tone at the
                        top instills the most appropriate behaviors and culture at the broker-dealer
                        and helps ensure the reliability of information systems and the
                        effectiveness of controls. Personnel policies may enhance or inhibit the
                        competence and continuity of the broker-dealer's employees. An inadequate or
                        incompetent staff that is unable to process transactions and perform control
                        activities may lead to a reduction in the reliability of information systems
                        and the effectiveness of controls. Management’s commitment could be
                        indicated through the broker-dealer’s policies with respect to:</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Systems security (including logical access and change management
                                controls)</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Trading limits</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Sales practices</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Hiring and training practices</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Management's ability to control the business also influences the control
                        environment. In addition, the responsibilities of those charged with
                        governance are of considerable importance, including the independence and
                        objectivity of the directors, their ability to evaluate the actions of
                        management, and whether there is a group of those charged with governance
                        that understands the entity’s business transactions and evaluates whether
                        the financial statements are presented fairly in accordance with accounting
                        principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP). The
                        control environment will generally be stronger when those charged with
                        governance take an active role in overseeing a broker-dealer's accounting
                        and financial reporting practices, as well as those practices regarding the
                        prevention of illegal acts and compliance with laws and regulations. The
                        broker-dealer's management demonstrates control of the business
                        through:</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">The broker-dealer's organizational and governance
                                structures</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">The methods used by the broker-dealer in assigning authority and
                                responsibility</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">The ability of the broker-dealer's management to supervise and
                                monitor operations effectively</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">The methods used by senior management to monitor and control the
                                effectiveness of the accounting system and controls</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>