<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-80110ead-f5dd-f465-3aeb-0dd0229b0aff" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Receivables From and Payables to Customers</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.73" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.73</b> The term
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">customers</i> generally excludes other
                    broker-dealers; persons who are principal officers, directors, and stockholders;
                    and persons whose securities or funds are part of the regulatory net capital of
                    the broker-dealer. Another broker-dealer's account may be classified as a
                    customer if the account is carried as an omnibus account in compliance with
                    Regulation T. The accounts of principal officers, directors, and stockholders
                    may be combined in the customer captions if they are not material, and the
                    combination is disclosed in the oath accompanying the annual audited financial
                    statements.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.74" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.74</b> Receivables from
                    and payables to customers may include balances arising from customer securities
                    and margin transactions. Upon receipt of a customer cash deposit, the clearing
                    broker-dealer will record a payable to customer. Payables to customers may be
                    reduced through customer trading activity, recorded on a settlement date basis.
                    An account in a payable position typically represents excess cash in the
                    customer account. To the extent that a broker-dealer extends credit to a
                    customer, a receivable is recorded upon the margin loan initiation, which is
                    typically the settlement date for the related trade. Interest is earned on these
                    customer margin loans, which often comprises a significant portion of a
                    broker-dealer’s interest income. Interest expense may be incurred on customer
                    payables; however, as the rates at which this interest accrues are generally
                    much lower than that of margin loans, this interest expense is often not
                    material for broker-dealers.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.75" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.75</b> As the majority
                    of clearing brokers directly debit fees from customer accounts on a monthly
                    basis (for example, at the beginning of the month for services provided the
                    prior month), receivables from customers due to accrued interest, trade
                    commissions, and management fees generally represent one month’s worth of
                    various customer fee earnings.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.76" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.76</b> In the event
                    that a broker-dealer fails to deliver or fails to receive a security in
                    conjunction with a customer transaction, a corresponding payable to or
                    receivable from, respectively, would be recorded on the settlement date. Refer
                    to the “<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd6/aag-brd6_stattement_of_financial_condition/aag-brd6_receivables_from__and_payables/aag-brd6_receivables_from__and_payables.dita#UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-6043804b-5d75-dd83-1727-fba21e40c3b8">Receivables From and Payables to Broker-Dealers, Clearing Organizations,
                        and Others</xref>” section in this chapter for further information.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>