<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-97781e96-70cc-a60b-b0d5-368c3b9bcf53" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Underwriting Revenues and Expenses</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.123" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.123</b> There are
                    several different ways in which a broker-dealer may participate in the
                    underwriting of securities. The broker-dealer may act as managing underwriter
                    (commonly referred to as the lead underwriter), co-managing underwriter (or
                    co-lead), or participating underwriter. Such participation may be on one of the
                    following bases, though this does not represent an all-inclusive list:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Firm commitment</i>. The underwriting
                            group for a transaction on a firm-commitment basis agrees to buy the
                            entire security issue from the issuer for a specified price, whether or
                            not they can successfully sell all purchased securities to investors.
                            Typically, this type of commitment occurs immediately prior to the
                            offering. However, broker-dealers may enter into a contract with an
                            issuer that provides a firm commitment to underwrite securities several
                            days or weeks prior to the actual offering.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Best efforts</i>. The underwriting
                            group for a best-efforts basis agrees to sell the issue at a price to be
                            determined, normally with a minimum requirement to complete the
                            underwriting. Any securities for which the broker-dealer cannot obtain a
                            purchase commitment in the public market will not be underwritten
                            (purchased) by the broker-dealer.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Standby</i>. The underwriting group for
                            a standby basis commits to purchase securities only if called on.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.124" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.124</b> FASB ASC
                    940-340-05-1b notes that in connection with its participation in an underwriting
                    of securities, a broker-dealer may receive various types of revenues, as well as
                    incur various related expenses. Such revenues include management fees (in the
                    case of the lead or co-managing underwriter), underwriting fees (in the case of
                    the lead underwriter and other members of the syndicate), and selling concession
                    fees (in the case of all selling group members). The related expenses include,
                    but are not limited to, marketing and advertising fees, legal fees,
                    stabilization costs, and the other costs associated with setting up the
                    syndicate group. These expenses are accumulated by the lead underwriter and
                    allocated to the other members of the syndicate on a pro rata basis.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>