<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-3022d2d5-d163-3012-b64d-aafce1684168_UUID-f0ee3559-7174-3a00-a68b-539be7eaa52d" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Guidance Considered in This Edition</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">This edition of the guide has been revised by the AICPA staff to include certain
                changes necessary due to the issuance of relevant guidance since the guide was
                originally issued, and other revisions as deemed appropriate. Relevant guidance
                issued through August 1, 2023, has been considered in the development of this
                edition of the guide. However, this guide does not include all accounting,
                reporting, regulatory, and other requirements applicable to a broker-dealer. This
                guide is intended to be used in conjunction with all applicable sources of relevant
                guidance.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Relevant guidance that is issued and effective for public entities on or before
                August 1, 2023, is incorporated directly in the text of this guide.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Relevant guidance issued but not yet effective for public entities as of August 1,
                2023, but becoming effective for public entities on or before December 31, 2023, is
                also presented directly in the text of the guide, but it is shaded gray and
                accompanied by a footnote indicating the effective date of the new guidance. The
                distinct presentation of this content is intended to aid the reader in
                differentiating content that may not yet be effective for the reader’s purposes (as
                part of the guide’s “dual guidance” treatment of applicable new guidance).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Relevant guidance issued but not yet effective for public entities as of August 1,
                2023, and not becoming effective until after December 31, 2023, is referenced in a
                “guidance update” box; that is, a box that contains summary information on the
                guidance issued but not yet effective for public entities.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">In updating this guide, all relevant guidance issued up to and including the
                following was considered, but not necessarily incorporated, as determined based on
                applicability:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">FASB Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2023-03, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Presentation
                            of Financial Statements (Topic 205), Income Statement — Reporting
                            Comprehensive Income (Topic 220), Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity
                            (Topic 480), Equity (Topic 505), and Compensation — Stock Compensation
                            (Topic 718): Amendments to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff
                            Accounting Bulletin No. 120, SEC Staff Announcement at the March 24,
                            2022 EITF Meeting, and Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 6.B, Accounting
                            Series Release 280 — General Revision of Regulation S-X: Income or Loss
                            Applicable to Common Stock (SEC Update)</i>
            </p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">SEC Release Nos. 33-11216; 34-97989, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Cybersecurity Risk
                            Management, Strategy, Governance, and Incident
                        Disclosure</i>
            </p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Users of this guide should consider guidance issued subsequent to these items to
                determine their effect, if any, on entities and engagements covered by this guide.
                In determining the applicability of recently issued guidance, its effective date
                should also be considered.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">The changes made to this edition of the guide are identified in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../aag-brd/aag-brd_appB/aag-brd_appB.dita#UUID-f00ecd52-ce5d-3487-cd64-1cf423c456c9">appendix B</xref>, "Schedule of Changes Made to the Text From the Previous
                Edition." The changes do not include all those that might be considered necessary if
                the guide had been subjected to a comprehensive review and revision.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">PCAOB quoted content is from PCAOB Auditing Standards and PCAOB <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Staff Audit Practice Alerts</i>, ©2003–2023, Public Company
                Accounting Oversight Board. All rights reserved. Used by permission.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">FASB quoted content is from the FASB <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting Standards
                    Codification</i> ©2023, Financial Accounting Foundation. All rights
                reserved. Used by permission.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>