<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-e24bd04c-7949-362e-bca1-cba45b4748e7" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Fair Value Determination When the Volume or Level of Activity Has
                    Significantly Decreased</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.33" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.33</b> Paragraphs 54C–54H of FASB ASC 820-10-35
                    clarify the application of FASB ASC 820 in determining fair value when the
                    volume or level of activity for an asset or a liability has significantly
                    decreased. Guidance is also included in identifying transactions that are not
                    orderly. In addition, paragraphs 90–98 of FASB ASC 820-10-55, including “Pending
                    Content,” include illustrations on the application of this guidance.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.34" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.34</b> FASB ASC 820-10-35-54C lists a number of
                    factors that should be evaluated to determine whether there has been a
                    significant decrease in the volume or level of activity for the asset or
                    liability (or similar assets or liabilities) when compared with normal market
                    activity. If the reporting entity concludes that there has been a significant
                    decrease in the volume or level of activity for the asset or liability in
                    relation to normal market conditions, further analysis of the transactions or
                    quoted prices is needed to determine whether an adjustment to the transactions
                    or quoted prices is necessary. In certain circumstances such adjustments may be
                    significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Note that a decrease
                    in the volume or level of activity on its own does not necessarily indicate that
                    a transaction price or quoted price does not represent fair value or that a
                    transaction in that market is not orderly.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.35" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.35</b> FASB ASC 820 does not prescribe a
                    methodology for making significant adjustments to transactions or quoted prices.
                    Regardless of the valuation technique used, a reporting entity should include
                    appropriate risk adjustments, including a risk premium reflecting the amount
                    that market participants would demand as compensation for the uncertainty
                    inherent in the cash flows of an asset or a liability. FASB ASC 820-10-35-54F
                    notes that if there has been a significant decrease in the volume or level of
                    activity for the asset or liability, a change in valuation technique or the use
                    of multiple valuation techniques may be appropriate. When weighting indications
                    of fair value resulting from the use of multiple valuation techniques, a
                    reporting entity should consider the reasonableness of the range of fair value
                    measurements. The objective is to determine the point within the range that is
                    most representative of fair value under current market conditions.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.36" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.36</b> Even when there has been a significant
                    decrease in the volume or level of activity for the asset or liability, the
                    objective of a fair value measurement remains the same. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Fair value</i> is the price that would be received to sell an asset
                    or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
                    participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. FASB ASC
                    820-10-35-54H states that estimating the price at which market participants
                    would be willing to enter into a transaction at the measurement date under
                    current market conditions if there has been a significant decrease in the volume
                    or level of activity for the asset or liability depends on the facts and
                    circumstances at the measurement date and requires judgment. A reporting
                    entity’s intention to hold the asset or to settle or otherwise fulfill the
                    liability is not relevant when measuring fair value because fair value is a
                    market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.37" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.37</b> According to FASB ASC 820-10-35-54I, a
                    reporting entity should evaluate the circumstances to determine whether, on the
                    weight of the evidence available, the transaction is orderly. The determination
                    of whether a transaction is orderly (or is not orderly) is more difficult if
                    there has been a significant decrease in the volume or level of activity for the
                    asset or liability in relation to normal market activity for the asset or
                    liability. In such circumstances, it is not appropriate to conclude that all
                    transactions in that market are not orderly (that is, forced liquidations or
                    distress sales). Circumstances that may indicate that a transaction is not
                    orderly and guidance that should be considered in the determination are found in
                    FASB ASC 820-10-35-54I. FASB ASC 820-10-35-54J notes the factors a reporting
                    entity should consider when measuring fair value or estimating market risk
                    premiums. An entity does not need to undertake exhaustive efforts to determine
                    whether a transaction is orderly, but it should not ignore information that is
                    reasonably available. When a reporting entity is a party to a transaction, it is
                    presumed to have sufficient information to conclude whether a transaction is
                    orderly.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>