<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_UUID-7419f4c9-3f03-dfe5-3f34-3419366e1e3e" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Analysis</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_aag-afi11.14" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">11.14</b> Austin-Jhanes’
                    forecasted sale on March 31, 20X2, is considered to be a forecasted transaction.
                    A derivative that hedges the foreign currency exposure to the variability of
                    cash flows associated with a forecasted transaction is a <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">foreign currency cash flow hedge</i>, provided that it meets the
                    eligibility requirements of FASB ASC 815-30. The use of an option contract to
                    offset a loss qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting, provided that it is
                    highly effective (as described in paragraphs 38–41 of FASB ASC
                    815-20-25).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_aag-afi11.15" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">11.15</b> Among other
                    criteria, FASB ASC 815-20-25-15(b) requires that the forecasted transaction (in
                    this case, the foreign currency-denominated sale) be <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">probable</i>, as the term is used in FASB ASC 450, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Contingencies</i>. The mere intent of management is not
                    sufficient support for the conclusion that the forecasted transaction is
                    probable. Rather, the transaction’s probability should be supported by
                    observable facts and the attendant circumstances, such as the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The frequency of similar past transactions</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The financial and operational ability of the entity to carry out the
                            transaction</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The extent of loss that could result if the transaction does not
                            occur</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The likelihood that transactions with substantially different
                            characteristics might be used to achieve the same business
                            purposes</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Additionally, the length of time until a forecasted transaction is expected to
                    occur and the quantity of the forecasted transaction that is expected to occur
                    are considerations in determining probability. Austin-Jhanes has a history of
                    foreign sales that are similar to the one it is hedging. The forecasted sale is
                    imminent and expected to take place in six months, on March 31, 20X2. The
                    management of Austin-Jhanes believes its assessment of probability is
                    supportable.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_aag-afi11.16" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">11.16</b> Further, the
                    forecasted transaction must continue to be probable throughout the period
                    covered by the hedge. FASB ASC 815-30-40-1(a) states that the entity is required
                    to discontinue prospectively hedge accounting if the transaction fails to meet
                    any of the hedge accounting criteria stated in FASB ASC 815-30-25, including the
                    requirement that the forecasted transaction be probable.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_aag-afi11.17" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">11.17</b> Management has
                    elected to measure effectiveness based on changes in the intrinsic value of the
                    option contract, as permitted by FASB ASC 815-20-25-82.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_aag-afi11.18" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">11.18</b> Austin-Jhanes
                    should report the fair value of the option in its statement of financial
                    position. Changes in the time value of the option should be recorded currently
                    in earnings. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Time value</i> is considered to be
                    the excess of the fair value of the option over its intrinsic value. Changes in
                    the option’s intrinsic value, to the extent it is effective as a hedge, should
                    be recorded in other comprehensive income. That is, the amount in other
                    comprehensive income should be brought to a balance equal to the lesser of the
                    cumulative</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">increase in the intrinsic value of the option (less any gains and
                            losses on the option that were previously reclassified from accumulated
                            other comprehensive income to earnings).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">decrease in the expected proceeds of the sale, measured at the current
                            spot rate, less any gains and losses on the option that were previously
                            reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into
                            earnings.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Any additional change in the intrinsic value of the option should be recorded
                    in earnings. The balance in accumulated other comprehensive income should be
                    reclassified to earnings at March 31, 20X2: the date of the sale.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">Austin-Jhanes should report the fair value of
                        the option in its statement of financial position. Changes in the time value
                        of the option should be recorded currently in earnings. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Time value</i> is considered to be the excess of
                        the fair value of the option over its intrinsic value. “Pending content” in
                        FASB ASC 815-30-35-3 provides that when the relationship between the hedged
                        item and hedging instrument is highly effective at achieving offsetting
                        changes in cash flows attributable to the hedged risk, an entity should
                        record in other comprehensive income the entire change in the fair value of
                        the designated hedging instrument that is included in the assessment of
                        hedge effectiveness. More specifically, a qualifying cash flow hedge should
                        be accounted for as follows:</ph>
      </p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">An entity’s defined risk management
                                strategy for a particular hedging relationship may exclude a
                                specific component of the gain or loss, or related cash flows, on
                                the hedging derivative from the assessment of hedge effectiveness
                                (as discussed in paragraphs 81–83B of FASB ASC 815-20-25). That
                                excluded component of the gain or loss should be recognized in
                                earnings either through an amortization approach in accordance with
                                FASB ASC 815-20-25-83A or through a mark-to-market approach in
                                accordance with FASB ASC 815-20-25-83B. Under either approach, the
                                amount recognized in earnings for an excluded component should be
                                presented in the same income statement line item as the earnings
                                effect of the hedged item in accordance with FASB ASC 815-20-45-1A.
                                For example, if the effectiveness of a hedging relationship with an
                                option is assessed based on changes in the option’s intrinsic value,
                                the changes in the option’s time value would be excluded from the
                                assessment of hedge effectiveness and either may be recognized in
                                earnings through an amortization approach in accordance with FASB
                                ASC 815-20-25-83A or currently in earnings in accordance with FASB
                                ASC 815-20-25-83B.</ph>
            </p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">Amounts in accumulated other
                                comprehensive income related to the derivative designated as a
                                hedging instrument included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness
                                are reclassified to earnings in the same period or periods during
                                which the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings in
                                accordance with paragraphs 38–41 of 815-30-35 and presented in the
                                same income statement line item as the earnings effect of the hedged
                                item in accordance with FASB ASC 815-20-45-1A. The balance in
                                accumulated other comprehensive income associated with the hedged
                                transaction should be the cumulative gain or loss on the derivative
                                instrument from inception of the hedge less all of the following
                                items: (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>) the derivative
                                instrument’s gains or losses previously reclassified from
                                accumulated other comprehensive income into earnings pursuant to
                                paragraphs 38–41 of FASB ASC 815-30-35; (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>) the cumulative amount amortized to earnings
                                related to excluded components accounted for through an amortization
                                approach in accordance with paragraph FASB ASC 815-20-25-83A; and
                                    (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">c</i>) the cumulative change in
                                fair value of an excluded component for which changes in fair value
                                are recorded currently in earnings in accordance with paragraph
                                815-20-25-83B.</ph>
            </p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-799d96c5-afd4-f8e0-6b3e-b8f5fd164736_aag-afi11.19" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">11.19</b> By entering
                    into the option contract, Austin-Jhanes is assured of receiving at least $5
                    million from its FC 10 million sale, excluding the cost of the option contract.
                    (As shown in the journal entries that follow, the entity received $5 million,
                    consisting of $4,347,826 from the sale at the spot rate plus $652,174 from the
                    gain on the option contract.)</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>