<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_section-idm4614251350300833928906378781" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Soft-Dollar Arrangements</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.139" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.139</b> The FASB
                        ASC Master Glossary defines a <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">soft-dollar
                            arrangement</i> as one in which a broker-dealer provides research
                        to a customer in return for trade order flow (a certain volume of trades)
                        from that customer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.140" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.140</b> Most
                        soft-dollar arrangements are triangular. In the first corner of the triangle
                        is a money manager who wants to buy research data without writing a check.
                        In the second corner is a broker with whom the money manager, or the money
                        manager's client, trades. The broker uses a part of the commission
                        (soft-dollars) to pay the research firm on behalf of the money manager. In
                        the third corner is the researcher who is paid by the broker and sends the
                        data to the money manager. Since the 1970s, when soft-dollars were first
                        used, some brokers and money managers have used soft-dollars to cover
                        transactions not associated with research. These types of transactions are
                        governed by Section 28(e) of the 1934 Act that allows paying a brokerage
                        commission if the manager determines in good faith that the commission is
                        reasonable in relation to the value of the brokerage and research services
                        received.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>