<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-6b1e382b-a5a4-814d-23c1-58247805ed19" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Financial Assets Measured at Amortized Cost Basis That Are Not
                        Eligible for the Collateral Maintenance Provision Practical
                        Expedient</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.75" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.75</b> For
                        financial assets measured at amortized cost that are not eligible for the
                        collateral maintenance provision practical expedient (and any unsecured
                        amounts for instruments applying the practical expedient), expected credit
                        losses are estimated over the life of the financial assets as of the
                        reporting date based on relevant information about past events, current
                        conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic
                        conditions and events.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.76" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.76</b> Broker-dealers enter into a variety of transactions where
                        the financial asset is measured at amortized cost and are not eligible for
                        the collateral maintenance provision practical expedient. This includes, but
                        is not limited to, trade date receivables; receivables arising from
                        fails-to-deliver; and revenue generating activities, such as underwriting
                        securities, mergers and acquisitions fees, asset management fees, and other
                        commission generating activities that generate receivables from customers,
                        brokers, dealers, and clearing organizations. In addition, some
                        broker-dealers enter into loans to employees and may account for accrued
                        interest receivables in a manner that requires separate
                        consideration.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.77" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.77</b> The amount
                        of credit exposures arising from receivables from broker-dealers and
                        clearing organizations is often limited because of the daily settlement that
                        takes place. The amount owed to the broker-dealer often is for a very short
                        period of time, which can help reduce the risk of nonperformance.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.78" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.78</b> Certain
                        broker-dealers grant loans to employees in conjunction with programs
                        established to recruit and retain employees. These loans are often
                        contingent on the employees’ continued employment with the broker-dealer,
                        amortize over a contractual service period and generally require repayment
                        if employees leave during a contractual service period. An allowance for
                        credit loss is estimated by considering credit quality indicators and the
                        recoverability of outstanding loan balances from employees that have or may
                        leave the broker-dealer. An employee loan is placed on nonaccrual status
                        when, based on current information, it is no longer probable that the
                        scheduled payments of principal and interest would be collected when due
                        according to the contractual terms of the underlying loan agreement. The
                        amortized cost basis of the employee loan is written off against the
                        allowance for credit losses when the amount is deemed uncollectible.
                            <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="7" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn7" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Disclosures around modifications, renewals, or extensions, as well
                                as the year of origination, related to any loans should be included.
                                Additionally, if an entity discloses internal risk ratings, they
                                should provide qualitative information on how those internal risk
                                ratings relate to the likelihood of loss.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd5_financial_assets_measured_at2.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-6b1e382b-a5a4-814d-23c1-58247805ed19/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn7"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>