<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_UUID-7012ecc3-2ee2-0143-c129-b7bdd6c45400" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Third-Party Pricing Sources</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.44" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.44</b> Entities may
                        use third-party pricing sources in order to obtain fair value information.
                        The preparation of an entity’s financial statements, including the valuation
                        of financial instruments and the preparation of financial statement
                        disclosures relating to these instruments, may require expertise that
                        management does not possess. Entities may not be able to develop appropriate
                        valuation techniques, including models that may be used in a valuation, and
                        may use a third-party pricing source to arrive at a valuation or provide
                        disclosures for the financial statements. This may particularly be the case
                        in smaller entities or entities that do not engage in a high volume of
                        financial instrument transactions (for example, nonfinancial institutions
                        with treasury departments). Even though management has used a third-party
                        pricing source, management is ultimately responsible for the valuation and
                        establishing internal control over the valuation process.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.45" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.45</b> Third-party
                        pricing sources may also be used because the volume of financial instruments
                        to price over a short time frame may not be possible by the entity. This is
                        often the case for traded investment funds that must determine a net asset
                        value each day. In other cases, management may have its own pricing process
                        but use third-party pricing sources to corroborate its own
                        valuations.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.46" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.46</b> For one or
                        more of these reasons, most entities use third-party pricing sources when
                        valuing financial instruments either as a primary source or a source of
                        corroboration for their own valuations. Third-party pricing sources
                        generally fall into the following categories:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Pricing services, including consensus pricing services</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Brokers providing broker quotes</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>