<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-9f626ffe-e1f4-ab53-85a3-80d193ecfbbe" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Derivatives</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.98" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.98</b> FASB ASC 815
                    establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments,
                    including certain derivative instruments embedded in other contracts
                    (collectively referred to as derivatives), and for hedging activities.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.99" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.99</b> FASB ASC
                    815-10-15-83 states that a derivative instrument is a financial instrument or
                    other contract with all three of the following characteristics:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">It has (i) one or more underlyings and (ii) one or more notional
                            amounts <ph class="- topic/ph ">
                  <fn callout="16" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn16" class="- topic/fn ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Notional amount</i> is the
                                    number of units specified in the contract (for example, shares,
                                    bushels, or other unit). Sometimes other names are used for the
                                    term notional. For example, the notional amount is called a
                                    “face amount” in some contracts.</p>
                  </fn>
                  <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd5_derivatives.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-9f626ffe-e1f4-ab53-85a3-80d193ecfbbe/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn16"/>
               </ph> or payment provisions or both. Those terms determine the
                            amount of the settlement(s), and, in some cases, whether a settlement is
                            required.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">It requires no initial net investment or an initial net investment
                            that is smaller than would be required for other types of contracts that
                            would be expected to have a similar response to changes in market
                            factors.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Its terms implicitly or explicitly require or permit net settlement,
                            it can readily be settled net by a means outside the contract, or it
                            provides for delivery of an asset that puts the recipient in a position
                            not substantially different from net settlement.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p class="- topic/p ">As noted in FASB ASC 815-10-15-71, notwithstanding the previously mentioned
                    characteristics, loan commitments that relate to the origination of mortgage
                    loans that will be held for sale, should be accounted for as derivative
                    instruments by the issuer of the loan commitment (that is, the potential
                    lender). FASB ASC 815-10-15-69 provides a scope exception for the accounting for
                    certain loan commitments. To the extent that a loan commitment is inventory, a
                    broker-dealer would account for it at fair value.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.100" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.100</b> When
                    recognizing certain loan commitments, SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB) No.
                    109 amends and replaces Section DD of Topic 5. This SAB provides interpretive
                    guidance and emphasizes certain disclosure requirements that may be relevant in
                    the context of mortgage banking activities.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.101" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.101</b> Broker-dealers
                    enter into derivative transactions to deal, to take proprietary positions, to
                    effect economic hedges of instruments in other trading portfolios, to execute
                    arbitrage strategies, or to hedge long-term debt or long-dated resale and
                    repurchase transactions.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.102" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.102</b> FASB ASC
                    815-10-05-4 requires that an entity recognize all derivatives as either assets
                    or liabilities in the statement of financial condition and measure those
                    instruments at fair value. If certain conditions are met, a derivative may be
                    specifically designated as (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>) a hedge of the
                    exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognized asset or liability or of
                    an unrecognized firm commitment that is attributable to a particular risk
                    (referred to as a fair value hedge); (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>) a
                    hedge of the exposure to variability in the cash flows of a recognized asset or
                    liability or of a forecasted transaction, that is attributable to a particular
                    risk (referred to as a cash flow hedge); or (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">c</i>) a hedge of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment
                    in a foreign operation, an unrecognized firm commitment, an available-for-sale
                    debt security, or a forecasted transaction.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.103" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.103</b> As noted in
                    FASB ASC 815-10-35-2, the accounting for changes in the fair value of a
                    derivative instrument (that is, gains and losses) depends on whether it has been
                    designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship and, if so, on the
                    reason for holding it. The gain or loss on a derivative instrument not
                    designated as a hedging instrument should be recognized currently in earnings,
                    except as noted in FASB ASC 815-10-35-3. See FASB ASC 815-20 for guidance on the
                    accounting for the gain or loss on a derivative instrument that is designated as
                    a hedging instrument.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.104" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.104</b> Derivatives
                    entered into by dealers in connection with their dealing activities should be
                    carried at fair value with resultant gains and losses reported currently in
                    income. Quoted market prices provide the most reliable fair value for
                    derivatives traded on a recognized exchange. Fair value for derivatives not
                    traded on a recognized exchange is generally considered to be the value that
                    could be realized through termination or assignment of the derivative. Common
                    valuation methodologies for an interest rate swap incorporate a comparison of
                    the yield of the swap with the current treasury security yield curve and swap to
                    treasury spread quotations or the current swap yield curve. The swap yield curve
                    is derived from quoted swap rates. Dealer bid and offer quotes are generally
                    available for basic interest rate swaps involving counterparties whose
                    securities are investment grade. Factors that could influence the valuation of
                    an individual derivative include the counterparty's credit standing and the
                    complexity of the derivative. If those factors differ from those basic factors
                    underlying the quote, an adjustment to the quoted price should be
                    considered.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.105" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.105</b> In determining
                    a derivative's value, consideration should be given to recognizing and providing
                    for credit and liquidity risk and the operational and administrative costs
                    associated with the management of derivative portfolios. The methods for
                    determining the amount of credit risk and operational costs may differ among
                    dealers.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.106" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.106</b> FASB ASC
                    815-15-25-4 explains that an entity that initially recognizes a hybrid financial
                    instrument that would otherwise be required to be separated into a host contract
                    and derivative instrument may irrevocably elect to initially and subsequently
                    measure that hybrid financial instrument in its entirety at fair value (with
                    changes in fair value recognized in earnings and, if FASB ASC 825-10-45-5 is
                    applicable, other comprehensive income). The financial instrument should be
                    evaluated to determine that it has an embedded derivative requiring bifurcation
                    before the instrument can become a candidate for the fair value election. FASB
                    ASC 815-15-25-5 states that the recognized hybrid financial instrument could be
                    an asset or a liability and it could be acquired or issued by the entity. Also,
                    the fair value election may be made on an instrument-by-instrument basis at the
                    inception of the hybrid instrument (or upon a remeasurement event) and should be
                    supported by concurrent documentation or a preexisting documented policy for
                    automatic election. For more information see the guidance in FASB ASC
                    815-15.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.107" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.107</b> FASB ASC
                    815-10-50 provides guidance regarding the disclosures required in the notes to
                    financial statements as related to derivatives. Note that in some cases, the
                    disclosures required for derivatives relate to disclosures that appear on the
                    face of the financial statements. See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd6/aag-brd6.dita#UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c">chapter 6</xref>, “Financial Statement Presentation and Classification,”
                    for information on disclosures related to derivative instruments.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>