<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_UUID-ad5fb5d6-d9e8-d8e4-f5a6-0b7378d167a6" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Developing an Audit Approach</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_aag-afi5.09" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.09</b> In testing how
                management values the financial instrument and in responding to the assessed risks
                of material misstatement in accordance with paragraphs .12–.14 of AU-C section 540B,
                the auditor undertakes one or more of the following procedures, taking account of
                the nature of the accounting estimates:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Test how management made the accounting estimate and the data on which it
                        is based (including valuation techniques used by the entity in its
                        valuations).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Test the operating effectiveness of the controls over how management made
                        the accounting estimate, together with appropriate substantive
                        procedures.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Develop a point estimate or range to evaluate management’s point
                        estimate.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Determine whether events occurring up to the date of the auditor’s report
                        provide audit evidence regarding the accounting estimate.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Many auditors find that a combination of testing how management valued the
                financial instrument and the data on which it is based and testing the operating
                effectiveness of controls will be an effective and efficient audit approach.
                Although subsequent events may provide some evidence about the valuation of
                financial instruments, other factors may need to be taken into account to address
                any changes in market conditions subsequent to the balance sheet date. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="5" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e-aag-afi5-fn5" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraphs .A64–.A67 of AU-C section 540B provide examples of some of the
                        factors that may be relevant.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi5_developing_an_audit_approach.dita#UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_UUID-ad5fb5d6-d9e8-d8e4-f5a6-0b7378d167a6/UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e-aag-afi5-fn5"/>
         </ph> If the auditor is unable to test how management made the estimate, the
                auditor may choose to develop a point estimate or range.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_aag-afi5.10" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.10</b> As described in
                    <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../aag-afi/aag-afi1/aag-afi1.dita#UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb">chapter 1</xref>, "Gaining an Understanding About Financial Instruments," of
                this guide, to estimate the fair value of financial instruments, management
                may</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">utilize information from third-party pricing sources.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">gather data to develop its own estimate using various techniques,
                        including models.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">engage a specialist to develop an estimate.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Management often may use a combination of these approaches. For example,
                management may have its own pricing process but use third-party pricing sources to
                corroborate its own values.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>