<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-36b93069-418f-360e-617e-fd22a8bcb986_UUID-890ffa42-4f9c-1ccc-2a4b-d87c137b9e19" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">FASB ASU No. 2018-03, Technical Corrections and Improvements to
                        Financial Instruments — Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and
                        Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">In February 2018, FASB issued ASU No. 2018-03 to clarify certain aspects
                        of the guidance issued in ASU No. 2016-01 as follows:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Equity securities without a readily
                                    determinable fair value — discontinuation.</i> The
                                amendments in this ASU clarify that an entity measuring an equity
                                security using the measurement alternative may change its
                                measurement approach to a fair value method in accordance with FASB
                                ASC 820, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Fair Value Measurement</i>,
                                through an irrevocable election that would apply to that security
                                and all identical or similar investments of the same issuer. Once an
                                entity makes this election, the entity should measure all future
                                purchases of identical or similar investments of the same issuer
                                using a fair value method in accordance with FASB ASC 820.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Equity securities without a readily
                                    determinable fair value — adjustments.</i> The amendment
                                in this ASU clarifies that adjustments made under the measurement
                                alternative are intended to reflect the fair value of the security
                                as of the date that the observable transaction for a similar
                                security took place.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Forward contracts and purchased
                                    options.</i> The amendment clarifies that remeasuring the
                                    <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">entire</i> value of forward
                                contracts and purchased options is required when observable
                                transactions occur on the underlying equity securities.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Presentation requirements for certain fair
                                    value option liabilities.</i> The amendment clarifies
                                that when the fair value option is elected for a financial
                                liability, the guidance in paragraph 5 of ASC 825-10-45 should be
                                applied, regardless of whether the fair value option was elected
                                under either FASB ASC 815-15 or 825-10.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Fair value option liabilities denominated
                                    in a foreign currency.</i> The amendments clarify that
                                for financial liabilities for which the fair value option is
                                elected, the amount of change in fair value that relates to the
                                instrument-specific credit risk should first be measured in the
                                currency of denomination when presented separately from the total
                                change in fair value of the financial liability. Then, both
                                components of the change in the fair value of the liability should
                                be remeasured into the functional currency of the reporting entity
                                using end-of-period spot rates.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Transition guidance for equity securities
                                    without a readily determinable fair value.</i> The
                                amendment clarifies that the prospective transition approach for
                                equity securities without a readily determinable fair value in the
                                amendments in ASU No. 2016-01 is meant only for instances in which
                                the measurement alternative is applied. An insurance entity subject
                                to the guidance in FASB ASC 944, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Financial
                                    Services — Insurance</i>, should apply a prospective
                                transition method when applying the amendments related to equity
                                securities without readily determinable fair values. An insurance
                                entity should apply the selected prospective transition method
                                consistently to the entity’s entire population of equity securities
                                for which the measurement alternative is elected.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">ASU No. 2018-03 is effective as follows:</p>
      <table outputclass="ruled" id="UUID-36b93069-418f-360e-617e-fd22a8bcb986_aag-afi_appF_table2" class="- topic/table ">
         <tgroup cols="3" class="- topic/tgroup ">
            <colspec colname="c1" class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <colspec colname="c2" class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <colspec colname="c3" class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <thead class="- topic/thead ">
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="center" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry "/>
                  <entry align="center" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Fiscal Years Beginning After</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="center" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Interim Periods Within Fiscal Years Beginning After</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody class="- topic/tbody ">
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Public business entities</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">December 15, 2017</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">June 15, 2018</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">All other entities</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">December 15, 2018</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">December 15, 2019</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
            </tbody>
         </tgroup>
      </table>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Public business entities with fiscal years beginning between December 15,
                        2017 and June 15, 2018 are not required to adopt these amendments until the
                        interim period beginning after June 15, 2018, and public business entities
                        with fiscal years beginning between June 15, 2018 and December 15, 2018 are
                        not required to adopt these amendments before adopting the amendments in ASU
                        No. 2016-01. All entities may early adopt these amendments for fiscal years
                        beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim periods within those
                        fiscal years, as long as they have adopted ASU No. 2016-01.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>