<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-b4910ea0-7735-ae18-e37f-2e956845ce0b" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Dividends and Interest</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.135" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.135</b> The dividend
                    department records distributions receivable on securities (such as cash
                    dividends, stock dividends, rights, splits, and interest on debt instruments) of
                    customers and the broker-dealer. Key dates are the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The declaration date</i>. The date a
                            business entity announces the dividend.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The record date</i>. The date that
                            determines who will be paid (stockholders and bondholders who are
                            registered owners on the record date will be paid the
                            distribution).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The payable date</i>. The date of the
                            dividend and interest payment.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The ex-dividend date</i> (or <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ex-date</i>). The date on which securities
                            traded no longer include rights to the upcoming dividend payment (note,
                            the market price generally drops to reflect the amount of the dividend
                            on that date).</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.136" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.136</b> The principal
                    exchange on which a security is listed sets the ex-date for listed stocks; FINRA
                    sets the date for those securities traded in the OTC market. The ex-date is
                    generally one business day before the record date for cash dividends.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.137" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.137</b> On the
                    dividend or interest record date, the dividend department obtains listings that
                    show the record date holders and locations of each security. The record will
                    indicate how the securities are registered (that is, in the name of the
                    broker-dealer or in the name of another broker-dealer or individual from whom
                    the dividend or interest is claimed).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.138" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.138</b> To reduce the
                    number of claims, the dividend department usually notifies the cashier's
                    department daily of securities with approaching record dates. The cashier's
                    department checks for securities on hand that are registered in a name other
                    than the broker-dealer's own name and will attempt to deliver such securities to
                    the transfer agent so that the registration may be transferred to the
                    broker-dealer's name as of the record date. Broker-dealers usually use
                    information provided electronically by dividend-reporting services to identify
                    information regarding dividend dates.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.139" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.139</b> For each cash
                    dividend or interest payment, the dividend department prepares a memo proof to
                    ascertain the total receipts and disbursements that will be processed in
                    comparison with the total long and short positions for a particular security.
                    The dividend department determines which customers' or firm inventory accounts
                    are to be credited or debited on the payable date for the dividend or interest
                    versus the receivable or payable account. Differences between the amounts
                    received and the receivable amounts should be investigated by the dividend
                    department.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.140" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.140</b> For each stock
                    dividend distribution, the dividend department performs procedures similar to
                    those for cash dividends. Long and short entries to customer and firm accounts
                    are made on the payable date and are offset by entries to stock dividend
                    accounts; the stock dividend accounts are flattened (zeroed out) after the
                    actual securities have been received.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.141" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.141</b> As noted in
                    FASB ASC 940-20-05-7, the dividend department maintains a record of securities
                    that the broker-dealer fails to receive or deliver on the record date.
                    Securities received or delivered against fails that were open on the record date
                    and that are in the name of the delivering broker should be accompanied by due
                    bills. A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">due bill</i> is an official
                    authorization allowing the purchasing broker-dealer to make a legal claim on the
                    selling broker-dealer for a future distribution to which it is entitled. For
                    cash dividends or interest payments, this typically takes the form of a
                    postdated check. It is usually the responsibility of the dividend department to
                    collect or authorize payments for transactions of this nature.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.142" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.142</b> Broker-dealers
                    should maintain records for each security by individual declaration date and
                    should not net dividends or interest either by security or between dates.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.143" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.143</b> Amounts
                    received that have not been paid or credited because proper account
                    identification cannot be made are considered to be unclaimed dividends and
                    interest (suspense items) and are normally paid only on receipt of valid claims.
                    Balances remaining in dividends or interest payable accounts may be subject to
                    abandoned property (escheat) laws. Aged dividend or interest receivables should
                    be readily identifiable so that appropriate net capital charges can be computed
                    in accordance with SEC Rule 15c3-1 and that appropriate reserve computation
                    treatment can be applied pursuant to SEC Rule 15c3-3.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>