<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-772977e9-0ae2-840f-1653-ba2e0646e888" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Appendix B — Illustrative Questions About the Entity’s Controls Over Its
            Financial Instrument Activities (Ref: par. 3.16)</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">Illustrative Questions About the Entity’s Controls Over
            Its Financial Instrument Activities (Ref: <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../aag-afi/aag-afi3/aag-afi3_understanding_internal_control/aag-afi3_the_entitys_control_environment/aag-afi3_use_of_service_organizations/aag-afi3_use_of_service_organizations.dita#UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_UUID-65617d37-a196-f834-3ec3-7bc7947675f3/UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.16">par. 3.16</xref>)</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">This appendix is nonauthoritative and is included for
                informational purposes only.</i>
      </p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">This appendix provides an illustration of questions that may be helpful to the auditor
            in obtaining an understanding of an entity’s controls over its financial instrument
            activities.</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul none" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Have those charged with governance or the finance, asset
                        or liability, investment, or other committee established a clear and an
                        internally consistent risk management policy, including appropriate risk
                        limits?</i>
            </p>
            <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Are the entity’s objectives and goals for financial instruments
                            clearly stated and communicated?</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">To what extent are the entity’s operational objectives for financial
                            instruments being achieved?</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Are financial instruments used to mitigate risk, or do they create
                            additional risk?</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">If the risk is being assumed, are trading limits established?</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Is the entity’s strategy for financial instruments’ use designed to
                            further its economic, regulatory, industry, or operating
                            objectives?</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Are management’s strategies and implementation policies
                        consistent with those charged with governance’s authorization?</i>
            </p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">Management’s philosophy and operating style create an environment that
                    influences the actions of treasury and other personnel involved in derivatives
                    and hedging activities. The assignment of authority and responsibility for
                    investment transactions sends an important message:</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Is that message clear?</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Is compliance with these or related policies and procedures evaluated
                            regularly?</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Does the treasury function view itself, or is it evaluated, as a
                            profit center? This might cause members of the treasury department to
                            attempt to enhance earnings through investment use.</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Do key controls exist to ensure that only authorized
                        transactions take place and that unauthorized transactions are quickly
                        detected, and appropriate action is taken?</i>
            </p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">Are controls over investment transactions monitored on an ongoing basis and
                    subject to separate evaluations? If so</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">who is evaluating controls over investment transactions?</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">do they possess the appropriate technical expertise?</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">are deficiencies being identified and reported upstream?</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">are duties involving initiation of investment transactions segregated
                            from other duties (for example, the accounting and internal audit
                            functions and the valuation of those financial instruments)?</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Are the magnitude, complexity, and risks of the entity’s
                        financial instruments commensurate with the entity’s objectives?</i>
            </p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">Internal analyses might include quantitative and qualitative information about
                    the entity’s investment transactions and might address the risks associated with
                    investment, such as</p>
            <ul class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">credit risk</i>, which is the risk that
                            one party to a financial instrument will cause a financial loss to
                            another party by failing to discharge an obligation and is often
                            associated with default. Credit risk includes <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">settlement risk</i> and <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">counterparty
                                risk</i>, which are defined as follows:</p>
                  <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
                     <li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">Counterparty risk connotes the exposure to the aggregate
                                    credit risk posed by all transactions with one
                                    counterparty.</p>
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">
                           <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Settlement risk</i> is the
                                    related exposure that a counterparty may fail to perform under a
                                    contract after the end user has delivered funds or assets
                                    according to its obligations. Settlement risk relates almost
                                    solely to over-the-counter contracts (that is,
                                    nonexchange-traded instruments). One method for minimizing
                                    settlement risk is to enter into a master netting agreement that
                                    allows the parties to offset all their related payable and
                                    receivable positions at settlement.</p>
                     </li>
                  </ul>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">market risk</i>, which is the risk that
                            the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will
                            fluctuate because of changes in market prices. Examples of market risk
                            include currency risk, interest rate risk, and commodity and equity
                            price risk.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">liquidity risk</i>, which includes the
                            risk of not being able to buy or sell a financial instrument at an
                            appropriate price in a timely manner due to a lack of marketability for
                            that financial instrument.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">operational risk, which relates to the specific processing required
                            for financial instruments. Operational risk may increase as the
                            complexity of a financial instrument increases, and poor management of
                            operational risk may increase other types of risk. Operational risk
                            includes</p>
                  <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
                     <li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">the risk that confirmation and reconciliation controls are
                                    inadequate, resulting in incomplete or inaccurate recording of
                                    financial instruments.</p>
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">the risk that there is inappropriate documentation of
                                    transactions and insufficient monitoring of these
                                    transactions.</p>
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">the risk that transactions are incorrectly recorded,
                                    processed, or risk managed and, therefore, do not reflect the
                                    economics of the overall trade.</p>
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">the risk that undue reliance is placed by staff on the
                                    accuracy of valuation techniques without adequate review, and
                                    transactions are, therefore, incorrectly valued, or their risk
                                    is improperly measured.</p>
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">the risk that the use of financial instruments is not
                                    adequately incorporated into the entity’s risk management
                                    policies and procedures.</p>
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">the risk of loss resulting from inadequate or failed internal
                                    processes and systems or from external events, including the
                                    risk of fraud from both internal and external sources.</p>
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">the risk that there is inadequate or nontimely maintenance of
                                    valuation techniques used to measure financial
                                    instruments.</p>
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">legal risk relating to losses resulting from a legal or
                                    regulatory action that invalidates or otherwise precludes
                                    performance by the end user or its counterparty under the terms
                                    of the contract or related netting arrangements. For example,
                                    legal risk could arise from insufficient or incorrect
                                    documentation for the contract, an inability to enforce a
                                    netting arrangement in bankruptcy, adverse changes in tax laws,
                                    or statutes that prohibit entities from investing in certain
                                    types of financial instruments.</p>
                     </li>
                  </ul>
               </li>
            </ul>
            <p class="- topic/p ">The entity’s risk assessment may result in a determination about how to manage
                    identified risks of investment activities:</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">What are the entity’s risk exposures, including financial
                            instruments?</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Are the entity’s derivatives transactions standard for their class
                            (such as simple derivatives [for example, exchange-traded futures
                            contracts]), or are they complex (such as nonexchange-traded derivatives
                            based on relationships between diverse markets)?</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Is the complexity of financial instruments inconsistent with the risks
                            being managed?</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Has management anticipated how it will manage potential investment
                            risks before assuming them?</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Are personnel with authority to engage in and monitor
                        financial instrument transactions well-qualified and appropriately
                        trained?</i>
            </p>
            <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Who are the key financial instrument players within the entity?</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Is the knowledge vested only in one individual or a small
                            group?</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Are other employees being appropriately educated before they become
                            involved with financial instrument transactions?</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Does the entity have personnel who have been
                        cross-trained in case of the absence or departure of key personnel involved
                        with financial instrument transactions?</i>
            </p>
            <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">How can the entity ensure the integrity, ethical values, and
                            competence of personnel involved with financial instrument
                            transactions?</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Do the right people have the right information to make
                        decisions?</i>
            </p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">The information might address both external and internal events, activities,
                    and conditions:</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">What information about financial instrument transactions is the entity
                            identifying and capturing?</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Is the entity capturing and communicating information about market
                            changes affecting the financial instruments?</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Is the entity capturing and communicating changes in its strategy for
                            the mix of assets and liabilities that are the focus of risk management
                            activities involving financial instruments?</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">How is this information being communicated, and is this information
                            being communicated to all affected parties?</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
            <p class="- topic/p ">The entity’s analysis and internal reporting might include how well the entity
                    is achieving its strategy of using financial instruments:</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Are the analysis and internal reporting of risks that the entity is
                            managing and the effectiveness of its strategies comprehensive,
                            reliable, and well-designed to facilitate oversight?</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
            <p class="- topic/p ">Those charged with governance or the finance, asset or liability, investment,
                    or other committee might consider investment transactions in the context of how
                    related risks affect the achievement of the entity’s objectives (for example,
                    economic, regulatory, industry, or operating):</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Do financial instrument transactions increase the entity’s exposure to
                            risks that might frustrate, rather than further, achievement of the
                            entity’s objectives?</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">In assessing if the right people have the right
                        information, transactional questions exist that may be asked and
                        answered:</i>
            </p>
            <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Does the entity have good systems for marking transactions to
                            market?</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Have these mark-to-market systems been tested by persons independent
                            of the financial instrument function?</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Does the entity know how the value of its financial instruments will
                            change under extreme market conditions?</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Is the entity’s published financial information being prepared
                            reliably and in conformity with the applicable financial reporting
                            framework?</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>