<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-bce852d2-42e0-6a77-ff50-890effda6c20" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Comparison</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.66" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.66</b> Comparison
                    procedures performed by the P&amp;S department vary depending on whether a trade
                    is cleared through a clearing organization, through a clearing bank if it is a
                    government security, or directly with another broker-dealer. After a trade is
                    executed, the terms, conditions, and details of the transaction are compared
                    with those of the clearing organization or other counterparty.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.67" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.67</b> On the trade
                    date, each member broker-dealer electronically transmits a list of its day's
                    trades to a clearing organization, detailing the following for each
                    trade:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The quantity of a security bought or sold</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">A description of the security</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The contract price</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The identification number of the contra broker-dealer</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.68" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.68</b> These data are
                    sorted by a clearing organization's computerized facility, such as that of the
                    Securities Industry Automation Corporation. To qualify for clearing through a
                    clearing organization's CNS system, a trade must be between two member
                    broker-dealers, and the security must be eligible. Eligible securities are
                    fairly active issues that provide high liquidity. Unless both of these
                    requirements are satisfied, the parties cannot use the clearing facilities' CNS
                    system, and the trades are to be settled directly in the trade-for-trade system
                    or between the individual broker-dealers. Contract sheets itemizing the
                    purchases and sales by broker-dealers are prepared for eligible securities
                    cleared through the clearing organization. These contract sheets contain lists
                    of compared and uncompared trades.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.69" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.69</b> All trades are
                    compared by the P&amp;S department to verify that all terms and conditions agree
                    before further processing. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Compared trades</i>
                    are matched transactions in which the information received from both parties
                    agrees. They require no further processing by the P&amp;S department. Uncompared
                    trades contain differences between the information supplied by the contracting
                    broker-dealers, such as discrepancies in prices, quantities, descriptions of
                    issues, or counterparties. All uncompared trades are resolved by the P&amp;S
                    department by the second day following the trade date, or they are settled
                    directly between the broker-dealers (ex-clearing). Clearing organization-cleared
                    trades may be corrected by the broker-dealer at fault by advising the clearing
                    organization to correct the discrepancy. Differences not settled in that way are
                    settled directly between broker-dealers.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.70" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.70</b> For trades that
                    are not processed through a clearing organization, the P&amp;S department
                    reviews a system-generated broker-to-broker comparison that is sent to the
                    counterparty for verification of all pertinent trade information. If the
                    counterparty agrees with all details of the transaction, the comparison is
                    signed and returned to the P&amp;S department to evidence its acceptance. If the
                    other broker-dealer disagrees with the details of the transaction, any
                    corrections made in the firm's accounting records are recorded to enable proper
                    settlement to occur.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>