<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-850adf32-c107-e690-d0de-7fe6aa25514a" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Application to Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities With
                    Offsetting Positions in Market Risks or Counterparty Credit Risk</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.17" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.17</b> Generally, the unit of account for a
                    financial instrument is the individual financial instrument. A reporting entity
                    should apply adjustments that are consistent with that unit of account, which
                    generally does not include adjustments due to the size of the reporting entity’s
                    position.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.18" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.18</b> FASB ASC 820-10-35-18D permits an
                    exception when a reporting entity manages a group of financial assets, financial
                    liabilities, nonfinancial items accounted for as derivatives in accordance with
                    FASB ASC 815, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Derivatives and Hedging</i>, or
                    combinations of these items, on the basis of its net exposure to either market
                    risks or credit risk. When the criteria in FASB ASC 820-10-35-18E are met, the
                    exception permits a reporting entity to measure the fair value of a group of
                    financial assets and financial liabilities on the basis of the price that would
                    be received to sell a net long position (that is, an asset) for a particular
                    risk exposure or to transfer a net short position (that is, a liability) for a
                    particular risk exposure in an orderly transaction between market participants
                    at the measurement date under current market conditions. FASB ASC 820-10-35-18G
                    states that a reporting entity should make an accounting policy decision about
                    whether to elect to use the exception in FASB ASC 820-10-35-18D. If a reporting
                    entity elects to use the exception, it should disclose that fact.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.19" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.19</b> When a reporting entity elects to use the
                    exception in FASB ASC 820-10-35-18D, the unit of account valuation becomes the
                    net open risk position. The reporting entity may apply adjustments, including
                    adjustments due to the size of the net open risk position, consistent with
                    market participant assumptions and in accordance with the unit of account
                    valuation. See the “<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_accounting_model/aag-brd5_inputs_to_valuation_techniques/aag-brd5_inputs_to_valuation_techniques.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-896b7304-bd47-d2b1-de83-248f2d3be2d0">Inputs to Valuation Techniques</xref>” section of this chapter for more
                    information.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>