<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-43a39c42-c1f2-98d1-5912-ed4dfd23f83b" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Introduction</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.01" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.01</b> Internal control is
                not one event or circumstance, but a dynamic, iterative, and integrated process. It
                is not a one-time task because the impact of an entity’s internal and external
                activities is not static but is continually changing. The entity’s policies reflect
                management or board statements of what should be done to effect internal control.
                These statements may be explicitly stated in management communication or implied
                through management actions and decisions. Included in this chapter are discussions
                of the important controls over compliance with the exemption provisions for
                broker-dealers that file exemption reports and internal controls over the SEC
                financial responsibility rules for broker-dealers filing compliance reports.
                    <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="1" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad-footnote-idm53393072097830" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Refer to the website of the AICPA Stockbrokerage and Investment Banking
                        Expert Panel for helpful information concerning the SEC’s financial
                        responsibility rules: <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.aicpa-cima.com/resources/download/summary-of-relevant-sec-financial-responsibility-rules-requirements">https://www.aicpa-cima.com/resources/download/summary-of-relevant-sec-financial-responsibility-rules-requirements</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd4_introduction.dita#UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-43a39c42-c1f2-98d1-5912-ed4dfd23f83b/UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad-footnote-idm53393072097830"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.02" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.02</b> The Committee of
                Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) defines <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">internal control</i> as a process, effected by an entity’s
                board of directors, management, and other personnel, designed to provide reasonable
                assurance regarding the achievement of objectives relating to operations, reporting,
                and compliance.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.03" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.03</b> In May 2013, COSO
                published an update to the 1992 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Internal Control —
                    Integrated Framework </i>(the framework). The updates became necessary
                due to the increasing complexity of businesses since the original framework was
                published. The changes were intended to make the framework easier for management to
                use while, at the same time, allowing management to meet the entity’s financial and
                operations goals. The discussion of internal control in this guide recognizes the
                definition and description of internal control contained in the framework.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.04" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.04</b> The following are
                the five components and 17 underlying principles of internal control from the
                framework:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The control environment.</i> Sets the tone
                        of an organization, influencing the control consciousness of its people. It
                        is the foundation for all other components of internal control, providing
                        discipline and structure.</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul none" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">(1)    Demonstrates commitment to integrity and ethical
                                values</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">(2)    Exercises oversight responsibility</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">(3)    Establishes structure, authority, and responsibility</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">(4)    Demonstrates commitment to competence</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">(5)    Enforces accountability</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Risk assessment.</i> The entity's process
                        for identifying and analyzing relevant risks to achievement of its
                        objectives, forming a basis for determining how the risks should be
                        managed.</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul none" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">(6)    Specifies suitable objectives</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">(7)    Identifies and analyzes risk</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">(8)    Assesses fraud risk</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">(9)    Identifies and analyzes significant change</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Control activities.</i> The policies and
                        procedures that help ensure that management directives are carried
                        out.</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul none" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">(10)    Selects and develops control activities</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">(11)    Selects and develops general controls over
                                technology</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">(12)    Deploys through policies and procedures</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Information and communication.</i> These
                        systems support the identification, capture, and exchange of information in
                        a form and time frame that enable people to carry out their
                        responsibilities.</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul none" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">(13)    Uses relevant information</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">(14)    Communicates internally</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">(15)    Communicates externally</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Monitoring activities.</i> A process that
                        assesses the quality of internal control performance over time. This is
                        accomplished through ongoing evaluations, separate evaluations, or some
                        combination of the two.</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul none" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">(16)    Conducts ongoing and/or separate evaluations</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">(17)    Evaluates and communicates deficiencies</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.05" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.05</b> An effective system
                of internal control provides reasonable assurance regarding the achievement of an
                entity’s objectives. Because internal control is relevant both to the entity and its
                subsidiaries, an effective system of internal control may relate to a specific part
                of the organizational structure. An effective system of internal control reduces, to
                an acceptable level, the risk of not achieving an objective relating to one or more
                categories. It requires that</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">each of the five components of internal control and relevant principles
                        are present and functioning, and</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the five components are operating together in an integrated manner.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.06" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.06</b> A major deficiency
                exists if a relevant principal or associated component isn’t functioning, or the
                five components aren’t functioning together. The organization cannot conclude that
                it has met the requirements for an effective system of internal control if a major
                deficiency exists.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>