<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_section-idm4562300012777633928911862119" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Digital Assets</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.144" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.144</b> The
                        advance of blockchain technology has facilitated the emergence of a new kind
                        of asset — digital assets, assets in digitized form that are recorded and
                        stored on a distributed ledger. Digital assets are a digital record made
                        using cryptography for verification and security purposes on a digital
                        decentralized ledger (referred to as a blockchain). A digital asset
                            <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="13" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) Regulatory Notice
                                18-20 encourages firms to notify FINRA if they engage in activities
                                related to digital assets. The full notice is available at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="http://www.finra.org/industry/notices/18-20">www.finra.org/industry/notices/18-20</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
         </ph> is characterized by its ability to be used for a variety of
                        purposes, including as a means of exchange, as a representation to provide
                        or access goods or services, or as a financing vehicle, such as a security,
                        among other uses.</p>
      <p id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_para-idm53392892933150" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.145</b>
         <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Blockchain
                            technology.</i> Blockchain technology records a list of records,
                        referred to as blocks, that are linked using cryptography. Each block
                        contains a cryptographic hash of the previous block, a timestamp, and
                        sequential transaction data.</p>
      <p id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_para-idm53392892940878" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.146</b>
         <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Crypto
                            asset.</i> A type of digital asset, a crypto asset functions as a
                        medium of exchange and has all of the following characteristics:</p>
      <ul class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">It is not issued by a jurisdictional authority (for example, a
                                sovereign government).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">It does not give rise to a contract between the holder and another
                                party.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">It is not considered a security under the Securities Act of 1933
                                or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">These characteristics are not all-inclusive, and other facts and
                        circumstances may need to be considered. Examples of crypto assets meeting
                        these characteristics include bitcoin, bitcoin cash, and ether.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_para-idm53392893019988" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.147</b> There are many different types
                        of digital assets. One type is crypto assets, such as bitcoin, which
                        constitute the first use-case of blockchain technology by decentralizing the
                        transfer of value. The technology has continued to grow at a rapid pace to
                        provide many more compelling enterprise, government, and retail use-cases.
                        Digital assets are stored on a blockchain; however, digital asset wallets
                        are the medium used to store private keys and their associated public keys
                        or blockchain addresses, which provide the access rights to move digital
                        assets across a blockchain. There are different types of wallets, which
                        include software wallets (such as web or mobile wallets) and hardware
                        wallets that can be used online (that is, a hot-storge wallet) or offline
                        (that is, a cold storage wallet), depending on the desired security and
                        liquidity.</p>
      <p id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_para-idm53394250434782" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.148</b> The digital asset space is an
                        evolving business environment, presenting practitioners with unique risks
                        and complex challenges. The AICPA Digital Assets Working Group has developed
                        a practice aid, which includes vital information on how to account for and
                        audit digital assets. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="14" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-footnote-idm53392893350234" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">This publication is available for download by AICPA and CIMA
                                members at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.aicpa-cima.com/resources/download/accounting-for-and-auditing-of-digital-assets-practice-aid-pdf">https://www.aicpa-cima.com/resources/download/accounting-for-and-auditing-of-digital-assets-practice-aid-pdf</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd_digital_assets.dita#UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_section-idm4562300012777633928911862119/UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-footnote-idm53392893350234"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_para-idm53392893422670" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.149</b> The rapid evolution of
                        technologies underpinning digital assets and the continual introduction of
                        new assets presents challenges for regulatory agencies and securities firms
                        seeking to ensure compliance with existing laws concerning the custody and
                        protection of customer securities. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="15" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-footnote-idm53392893516262" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">See the FINRA website at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.finra.org/investors/investing/investment-products/digital-assets">https://www.finra.org/investors/investing/investment-products/digital-assets</xref>
                                for additional information for investors.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd_digital_assets.dita#UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_section-idm4562300012777633928911862119/UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-footnote-idm53392893516262"/>
         </ph> Although the regulatory landscape remains fluid, the SEC issued
                        Release No. 34-90788, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Custody of Digital Asset Securities by
                            Special Purpose Broker-Dealers</i>, to establish an initial
                        framework for broker-dealers to offer trading in digital assets via special
                        purpose entities and satisfy their client possession and control obligations
                        under SEC Rule 15c3-3.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>