<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_UUID-7e3feef2-5c6a-55eb-134e-54d5722fc291" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Additional Considerations About Hedging Activities</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_aag-afi6.11" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.11</b> To account for a
                    derivative as a hedge, FASB <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting Standards
                        Codification</i> (ASC) 815 requires management, at the inception of
                    the hedge, to designate the derivative as a hedge and contemporaneously formally
                    document <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="9" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c-aag-afi6-fn9" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">FASB ASC 815-20-25 requires formal documentation of prescribed aspects
                            of hedging relationships at the inception of the hedge.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi6_additional_considerations_about_hedging.dita#UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_UUID-7e3feef2-5c6a-55eb-134e-54d5722fc291/UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c-aag-afi6-fn9"/>
         </ph> the hedging relationship, the entity’s risk management objective and
                    strategy for undertaking the hedge, and the method of assessing the
                    effectiveness of the hedge. In addition, to qualify for hedge accounting, FASB
                    ASC 815 requires that management have an expectation, both at the inception of
                    the hedge and on an ongoing basis, that the hedging relationship will be highly
                    effective in achieving the hedging strategy. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="10" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c-aag-afi6-fn10" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">FASB ASC 815, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Derivatives and
                                Hedging</i>, requires management to periodically reassess the
                            effectiveness of hedging relationships whenever financial statements or
                            earnings are reported and at least every three months. It also requires
                            that all assessments of effectiveness be consistent with the risk
                            management strategy documented for the particular hedging
                            relationship.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi6_additional_considerations_about_hedging.dita#UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_UUID-7e3feef2-5c6a-55eb-134e-54d5722fc291/UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c-aag-afi6-fn10"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_aag-afi6.12" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.12</b> The auditor may
                    gather audit evidence to determine whether management complied with the hedge
                    accounting requirements of FASB ASC 815, including designation and documentation
                    requirements. In addition, the auditor may gather audit evidence to support
                    management’s expectation at the inception of the hedge that the hedging
                    relationship will be highly effective and management’s periodic assessment of
                    the ongoing effectiveness of the hedging relationship as required by FASB ASC
                    815.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_aag-afi6.13" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.13</b> When the entity
                    designates a derivative as a fair value hedge, FASB ASC 815-25 requires that the
                    entity adjust the carrying amount of the hedged item for the change in the
                    hedged item’s fair value that is attributable to the hedged risk. The auditor
                    may gather audit evidence supporting the recorded change in the hedged item’s
                    fair value that is attributable to the hedged risk. Additionally, the auditor
                    may gather audit evidence to determine whether management has properly applied
                    FASB ASC 815-25 to the hedged item.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_aag-afi6.14" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.14</b> For a cash flow
                    hedge of a forecasted transaction, FASB ASC 815-20 requires management to
                    determine that the forecasted transaction is probable of occurring. Those
                    principles require that the likelihood the transaction will take place not be
                    based solely on management’s intent. Instead, the transaction’s probability
                    should be supported by observable facts and the attendant circumstances, such as
                    the</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">frequency of similar past transactions.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">financial and operational ability of the entity to carry out the
                            transaction.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">extent of loss that could result if the transaction does not
                            occur.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">likelihood that transactions with substantially different
                            characteristics might be used to achieve the same business
                            purpose.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph .26 of AU-C section 330B requires the auditor to perform audit
                    procedures to evaluate whether the overall presentation of the financial
                    statements, including the related disclosures, is in accordance with the
                    applicable financial reporting framework. This includes evaluating management’s
                    determination of whether a forecasted transaction is probable.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>