<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-983de1de-27b0-118b-0ec1-e6524023423b" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Bookkeeping</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.88" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.88</b> The P&amp;S
                    department's responsibilities include ensuring that trades are entered into the
                    bookkeeping system correctly. If a trade is not properly recorded by the
                    settlement date, the difference is posted to a suspense account until it is
                    resolved (for example, a trade ticket not passed, a one-sided entry processed,
                    or a bad account number used).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.89" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.89</b> An entry is also
                    made to a P&amp;S suspense account when only one side of a principal-party buy
                    or sell trade ticket is processed. The P&amp;S suspense account item is resolved
                    when the processing of the trade ticket is completed and reflected in the
                    appropriate account. An operations suspense account records unidentified cash
                    receipts and differences in trade billings or cash settlements of trade
                    tickets.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.90" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.90</b> Debit money
                    balances and short security positions that cannot immediately be identified and
                    cleared are recorded in suspense accounts. They reflect a potential exposure to
                    the firm and should not be netted against like credits and long positions that
                    are also placed in suspense accounts. Any material balances in suspense accounts
                    should be identified and resolved on a timely basis. This suspense account can
                    subject a broker-dealer to off-balance sheet liability risk if the error is
                    resolved against the broker-dealer and the value of the security is also against
                    the broker-dealer.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>