<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_UUID-7f388eb5-d15d-4de1-ca05-99a267c77bcc" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Models</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.38" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.38</b> Models may
                        be used to value financial instruments when the price cannot be directly
                        observed in the market. Models can be as simple as a commonly used bond
                        pricing formula or involve complex, specifically developed software tools to
                        value financial instruments with level 3 inputs. Many models are based on
                        discounted cash flow calculations.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.39" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.39</b> Examples of
                        models that are often used are Black-Scholes, which is frequently used for
                        option pricing, and the zero-coupon method, which is often used for
                        estimating the fair value of interest rate swaps. <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../aag-afi/aag-afi_appD/aag-afi_appD.dita#UUID-8c7b2c15-f2c7-d718-bbc9-fd55b389c3c6">Appendix D</xref>, "Information About the Black-Scholes Valuation
                        Model," and <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../aag-afi/aag-afi_appE/aag-afi_appE.dita#UUID-28e3166d-55fd-3f62-6487-33a74ec9b8d8">appendix E</xref>, "Information About the Zero-Coupon Valuation Model,"
                        of this guide provide more information about the Black-Scholes and
                        zero-coupon method.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.40" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.40</b> Models
                        comprise a methodology, assumptions, and data. The methodology describes
                        rules or principles governing the relationship between the variables in the
                        valuation. Assumptions include estimates of uncertain variables that are
                        used in the model. Data may comprise actual or hypothetical information
                        about the financial instrument or other inputs to the financial
                        instrument.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.41" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.41</b> Depending on
                        the circumstances, matters that the entity may address when establishing or
                        validating a model for a financial instrument include whether</p>
      <ul class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the model is validated prior to usage, with periodic reviews to
                                ensure that it is still suitable for its intended use. The entity’s
                                validation process may include evaluation of the</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">methodology’s theoretical soundness and mathematical
                                        integrity, including the appropriateness of parameters and
                                        sensitivities.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">consistency and completeness of the model’s inputs with
                                        market practices and whether the appropriate inputs are
                                        available for use in the model.</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">appropriate change control policies, procedures, and security
                                controls over the model exist.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the model is appropriately changed or adjusted on a timely basis
                                for changes in market conditions.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the model is periodically calibrated, reviewed, and tested for
                                validity by a separate and objective function. Doing so is a means
                                of ensuring that the model’s output is a fair representation of the
                                value that marketplace participants would ascribe to a financial
                                instrument.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the model maximizes the use of relevant observable inputs and
                                minimizes the use of unobservable inputs.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">adjustments are made to the output of the model to reflect the
                                assumptions that marketplace participants would use in similar
                                circumstances.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the model is adequately documented, including the model’s intended
                                applications and limitations and its key parameters, required data,
                                results of any validation analysis performed, and any adjustments
                                made to the output of the model.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>