<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_UUID-a4d548c5-00f2-81a1-852a-c9cdaa3215c4" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">How the Use of a Service Organization May Affect the User Auditor’s
                    Procedures</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.43" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.43</b> Use of a service
                    organization’s services that are part of a user entity’s information system may
                    affect the nature, timing, and extent of the user auditor’s substantive
                    procedures related to financial statement assertions about financial
                    instruments. For example, if supporting documentation, such as derivative
                    contracts or financial instruments’ purchase and sales advices, is located at a
                    service organization, it may be necessary for the user auditor or another
                    auditor to visit the service organization to inspect the documentation. Also, if
                    investment advisers, holders of financial instruments, recordkeepers, and other
                    service organizations electronically transmit, process, maintain, or access
                    significant information about the user entity’s financial instruments, it may
                    not be practicable or possible for the user auditor to obtain an understanding
                    of the user entity’s internal control over financial instruments, assess the
                    risk of material misstatement for financial statement assertions about financial
                    instruments, and design and perform further audit procedures to address those
                    risks without identifying controls placed into operation by the service
                    organization or user entity and gathering sufficient appropriate evidence about
                    the operating effectiveness of those controls.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.44" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.44</b> The case study
                    in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-afi/aag-afi8/aag-afi8.dita#UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11">chapter 8</xref>, "Case Study of How an Entity’s Use of a Service
                    Organization Affects the Auditor’s Considerations in Auditing Financial
                    Instruments," of this guide discusses the effect on the auditor’s consideration
                    of the risk of material misstatement of financial statement assertions about
                    financial instruments if one or more service organizations provides financial
                    instrument services to the entity under a discretionary arrangement. Those
                    discussions address the following two types of situations:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Two separate service organizations. In this situation, one service
                            organization initiates transactions as an investment adviser, and a
                            second service organization holds and services the financial
                            instruments. The auditor may corroborate information provided by the two
                            organizations. For example, the auditor may confirm holdings with the
                            holder of the financial instruments and apply other substantive
                            procedures to transactions reported by the user entity based on
                            information provided by the investment adviser. Depending on the facts
                            and circumstances, the auditor also may confirm transactions or holdings
                            with the investment adviser and review the reconciliation of
                            differences.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">One service organization. In this situation, one service organization
                            initiates transactions as an investment adviser and also holds and
                            services the financial instruments. All the information available to the
                            auditor is based on one service organization’s information. Therefore,
                            the auditor may have to obtain evidence about the operating
                            effectiveness of the service organization’s controls. The auditor may be
                            unable to obtain an understanding of the user entity’s internal control
                            over financial instrument transactions; assess the risk of material
                            misstatement for financial statement assertions about financial
                            instruments; and design and perform further audit procedures, including
                            substantive audit procedures, to address those risks without obtaining
                            audit evidence about the operating effectiveness of relevant service
                            organization controls. An example of such controls is establishing
                            independent departments that provide the investment advisory services
                            and the holding and servicing of financial instruments, then reconciling
                            the information about the financial instruments provided by each
                            department.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.45" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.45</b> If a user entity
                    uses the services of one or more service organizations, and those services are
                    part of the user entity’s information system for financial instruments, the user
                    auditor may be unable to sufficiently limit audit risk for the completeness
                    assertion with respect to financial instruments without obtaining audit evidence
                    about the operating effectiveness of controls at the service organizations.
                    Because derivatives transactions may not require an initial exchange of tangible
                    consideration, they may not be recorded; therefore, testing reconciliations of
                    information provided by two or more service organizations may not sufficiently
                    limit audit risk for assertions about the completeness of derivatives.
                    Accordingly, the auditor may need to perform additional audit procedures at the
                    user entity to address completeness.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>