<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-40973e1c-9202-236f-95ef-427647d51e9b" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Asset Securitizations</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.110" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.110</b> The complexity
                    of securitized products has increased significantly because of the nature of
                    underlying collateral, the complexity of the structure (for example, residual
                    tranches and interest- and principal-only strips), and the depth of markets.
                    Such factors have affected the accounting and valuation of those products.
                    Broker-dealers may acquire, either through market purchases or the underwriting
                    process, securities arising from asset securitizations. Those securities should
                    be valued at fair value in accordance with the guidelines discussed
                    previously.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.111" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.111</b> FASB ASC
                    860-50-30-1 states that an entity should initially measure all separately
                    recognized servicing assets and servicing liabilities at fair value. FASB ASC
                    860-50-35-1 permits, but does not require, the subsequent measurement of
                    separately recognized servicing assets and servicing liabilities at fair
                    value.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.112" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.112</b> An entity that
                    uses derivative instruments to mitigate the risks inherent in servicing assets
                    and servicing liabilities is required to account for those derivative
                    instruments at fair value. An entity can elect subsequent fair value measurement
                    to account for its separately recognized servicing assets and servicing
                    liabilities. By electing that option, an entity may simplify its accounting
                    because that option permits income statement recognition of the potential
                    offsetting changes in fair value of those servicing assets and servicing
                    liabilities and derivative instruments in the same accounting period.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.113" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.113</b> In addition,
                    certain securities that arise from asset securitizations may raise issues about
                    whether the underlying legal entity should be consolidated by the broker-dealer.
                    FASB ASC 860 provides guidance on the securitization of financial assets held by
                    broker-dealers and for other transfers of financial assets involving special
                    purpose entities. In a typical asset securitization transaction, a company
                    transfers assets to a special purpose vehicle (SPV) or VIE in exchange for cash
                    or securities issued by the SPV or the VIE. Securitization vehicles need to be
                    evaluated under FASB ASC 810 to determine if the broker-dealer is the primary
                    beneficiary of the VIE and, therefore, should consolidate the VIE or if the
                    broker-dealer holds a significant variable interest in the VIE and should make
                    the appropriate disclosures.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>