<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_UUID-170e7ada-9241-6027-3290-ded27cb4e2bf" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Reconciliations With Banks and Custodians</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.17" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.17</b> Some components of financial instruments, such
                as bonds and shares, may be held in separate depositories. In addition, most
                financial instruments result in payments of cash at some point, and often, these
                cash flows begin early in the contract’s life. These cash payments and receipts will
                pass through an entity’s bank account. Regular reconciliation of the entity’s
                records to external banks’ and custodians’ records enables the entity to ensure that
                transactions are properly recorded.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.18" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.18</b> It should be noted that not all financial
                instruments result in a cash flow in the early stages of the contract’s life or are
                capable of being recorded with an exchange or a custodian. When this is the case,
                reconciliation processes will not identify an omitted or inaccurately recorded
                trade, and confirmation controls are more important. Even when such a cash flow is
                accurately recorded in the early stages of an instrument’s life, this does not
                ensure that all characteristics or terms of the instrument (for example, the
                maturity or an early termination option) have been recorded accurately.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.19" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.19</b> In addition, cash movements may be quite small
                in the context of the overall size of the trade or the entity’s own balance sheet
                and, therefore, may be difficult to identify. The value of reconciliations is
                enhanced when finance or other administrative and support services staff review
                entries in all general ledger accounts to ensure that they are valid and
                supportable. This process will help identify if the other side-to-cash entries
                relating to financial instruments have not been properly recorded. Reviewing
                suspense and clearing accounts is important, regardless of the account balance,
                because there may be offsetting reconciling items in the account.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.20" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.20</b> Reconciliation and confirmation controls may
                be automated, and if so, adequate IT controls need to be in place to support them.
                In particular, controls are needed to ensure that data is completely and accurately
                picked up from external sources (such as banks and custodians) and from the entity’s
                records and that it is not tampered with before or during reconciliation. Controls
                are also needed to ensure that the criteria on which entries are matched are
                sufficiently restrictive to prevent inaccurate clearance of reconciling
                items.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>