<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-36b93069-418f-360e-617e-fd22a8bcb986_UUID-29edce64-f438-e2b2-cc48-7cf0d3d9d478" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">FASB ASU No. 2018-19, Codification Improvements to Topic 326,
                        Financial Instruments — Credit Losses</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">In November 2018, FASB issued ASU No. 2018-19 to amend the transition and
                        effective date for nonpublic business entities as well as clarify guidance
                        surrounding operating receivables.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">The amendments in ASU No. 2018-19 mitigate transition complexity by
                        requiring that for nonpublic business entities, the amendments in ASU No.
                        2016-13 are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021,
                        including interim periods within those fiscal years. In addition, the
                        amendments clarify that receivables arising from operating leases are not
                        with the scope of FASB ASC 326-20. Instead, impairment of receivables
                        arising from operating leases should be accounted for in accordance with
                        FASB ASC 842, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Leases</i>.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">The effective date and transition requirements for ASU No. 2018-19 are the
                        same as the effective dates and transition requirements in ASU No. 2016-13,
                        as amended by ASU No. 2018-19.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>