<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-ae6fca95-9a8c-03f9-4fe4-eb529d65531f" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Proprietary and Principal Transactions</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.58" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.58</b> As explained in
                    FASB ASC 940-320-25-1, the statement of financial condition should reflect all
                    regular-way trades on an accrual or a trade-date basis. Risk, benefits, and
                    economic potentials are created and conveyed at the trade date (that is, the
                    inception of the contract), which is when the major terms have been agreed to by
                    the parties. In order to properly reflect the economic effects of purchase and
                    sale transactions for financial instruments (that is, to reflect the assumption
                    of the risks and rewards resulting from changes in the value of financial
                    instruments), broker-dealers should account for the changes in value relating to
                    all proprietary and principal transactions on a trade-date basis.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.59" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.59</b> For example, as
                    stated in FASB ASC 940-320-25-2, if the broker-dealer purchased financial
                    instruments for its own account on the date of the statement of financial
                    condition, the transaction should be reflected in the broker-dealer's inventory
                    with a corresponding credit to net receivable or payable for unsettled
                    regular-way trades. Per the FASB ASC Master Glossary,<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">
                        regular-way trades</i> include the following: (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>) all transactions in exchange-traded financial
                    instruments that are expected to settle within the standard settlement cycle of
                    that exchange (for example, two days for U.S. securities exchanges) <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="3" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn3" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Through SEC Release No. 34-80295, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Amendment to Securities
                                Transaction Settlement Cycle</i>, the SEC amended Rule
                            15c6-1(a), Settlement Cycle Rule, to shorten the standard settlement
                            cycle for most broker-dealer transactions from three business days after
                            the trade date (T+3) to two business days after the trade date (T+2). As
                            discussed in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd1/aag-brd1_clearing_organizations_and_depositories/aag-brd1_clearing_organizations_and_depositories.dita#UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-60d6a462-d5bf-6bb5-457c-e6d203bc2274/UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.50">paragraph 1.50</xref> of this guide, under SEC Release No.
                            34-96930, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Shortening the Securities Transaction
                                Cycle</i>, the SEC amended Rule 15c6-1(a),
                                <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Settlement Cycle Rule</i>, to shorten the standard
                            settlement cycle for most broker-dealer transactions from two business
                            days after the trade date (T+2) to one business day after the trade date
                            (T+1). The effective date of the amendments was May 5, 2023, and the
                            compliance date is May 28, 2024.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd5_proprietary_and_principal_transactions.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-ae6fca95-9a8c-03f9-4fe4-eb529d65531f/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn3"/>
         </ph> and (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>) all transactions in
                    cash-market-traded financial instruments that are expected to settle within the
                    time frame prevalent or traditional for each specific instrument (for example,
                    for U.S. government securities, one or two days).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.60" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.60</b> For physical
                    commodities (such as lumber, crude oil, and precious metals), the prevalent
                    trade practice for recording such transactions should be followed, which is
                    typically when title passes.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.61" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.61</b> As noted in FASB
                    ASC 940-320-05-4, the risk of nonperformance of regular-way settling trades is
                    minimal, given the following: (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>) they are
                    fully collateralized on the trade date; (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>)
                    the period of time between trade date and settlement date is reasonably short;
                    and (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">c</i>) most equity, U.S. government, and
                    mortgage-backed agency securities are affirmed by both parties to the trade and
                    settle net through a clearing entity. Accordingly, FASB ASC 940-20-45-3 states
                    that payables and receivables arising from these unsettled regular-way
                    transactions may be recorded net in an account titled “Net Receivable (or
                    Payable) for Unsettled Regular-Way Trades.”</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.62" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.62</b> Contracts that
                    are defined as derivative instruments according to FASB ASC 815, should be
                    measured at fair value, in accordance with FASB ASC 820, and recognized in the
                    statement of financial condition as either assets or liabilities, depending on
                    the rights or obligations under the contracts. The fair values of these
                    contracts or of accrued receivables or payables arising from the contracts may
                    be offset only if the provisions of FASB ASC 210-20-45 or FASB ASC 845-10-45 are
                    met.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.63" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.63</b> Certain other
                    contracts are also recognized in the financial statements of broker-dealers on a
                    trade-date basis. The fair values of unsettled delayed-delivery and
                    to-be-announced securities trades should be based on prices for forward-settling
                    trades. For example, a foreign-exchange forward contract may call for a party to
                    deliver two million U.S. dollars in exchange for two million British pounds
                    sterling at a specified future date. Under current reporting practice, the party
                    would not record a receivable for the British pounds sterling or a payable for
                    the U.S. dollars. Rather, a net amount reflecting the fair value of the position
                    would be reported in the statement of financial condition. Such contracts
                    frequently meet the definition of a derivative under FASB ASC 815.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.64" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.64</b> Per FASB ASC
                    940-320-25-2, if the exchange does not occur on the contracted settlement date
                    (referred to as a fail-to-receive or fail-to-deliver), these transactions should
                    be recognized on the statement of financial condition as fails-to-deliver or
                    fails-to-receive. See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd2/aag-brd2.dita#UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4">chapter 2</xref>, “Broker-Dealer Functions, Books, and Records,” for more
                    information on fails-to-receive and fails-to-deliver.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.65" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.65</b> The receivables
                    and payables resulting from these failed transactions may be netted for
                    financial statement reporting purposes to the extent the provisions of FASB ASC
                    210-20 are met.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.66" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.66</b> Offering
                    customers the ability to trade in fractional shares may require the
                    broker-dealer to record assets and liabilities related to the customers’
                    fractional share interests. The broker-dealer may also need to consider whether
                    or not income statement accounts are impacted based on the accounting
                    conclusions reached. Additional information can be found in the AICPA
                    Stockbrokerage and Investment Banking Expert Panel’s March 2022 meeting
                    highlights. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="4" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn4" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">See AICPA Stockbrokerage and Investment Banking Expert Panel’s March
                            2022 meeting highlights at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.aicpa-cima.com/resources/download/march-3-2022-stockbrokerage-and-investment-banking-expert-panel-minutes">https://www.aicpa-cima.com/resources/download/march-3-2022-stockbrokerage-and-investment-banking-expert-panel-minutes</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd5_proprietary_and_principal_transactions.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-ae6fca95-9a8c-03f9-4fe4-eb529d65531f/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-brd5-fn4"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>