<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_UUID-5e006ecb-b55a-78f0-bf97-247b608374cf" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Segregation of Duties</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.30" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.30</b> Segregation
                        of duties and the assignment of personnel is an important control activity,
                        particularly when exposed to financial instruments. Financial instrument
                        activities may be segregated into a number of functions, including the
                        following:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Executing the transaction (dealing). In entities with a high
                                volume of financial instrument transactions, this may be done by the
                                sales function.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Initiating cash payments and accepting cash receipts
                                (settlements).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Sending out trade confirmations and reconciling the differences
                                between the entity’s records and replies from counterparties, if
                                any.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Recording correctly all transactions in the accounting
                                records.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Monitoring risk limits. In entities with a high volume of
                                financial instrument transactions, this may be performed by the risk
                                management function.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Monitoring positions and valuing financial instruments.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.31" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.31</b> Many
                        organizations choose to segregate the duties of those investing in financial
                        instruments, those valuing financial instruments, those settling financial
                        instruments, and those accounting for the financial instruments.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.32" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.32</b> When an
                        entity is too small to achieve proper segregation of duties, the role of
                        management and those charged with governance in monitoring financial
                        instrument activities is of particular importance.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.33" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.33</b> A feature of
                        some entities’ internal control is an independent price verification (IPV)
                        function. This department is responsible for separately verifying the price
                        of some financial instruments and may use alternative data sources,
                        methodologies, and assumptions. The IPV provides an objective look at the
                        pricing that has been developed in another part of the entity.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.34" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.34</b> Ordinarily,
                        the risk management function establishes policies on valuation and other
                        functions (for example, administrative and support services) and may be
                        responsible for ensuring adherence to the policy. Entities with a greater
                        use of financial instruments may perform daily valuations of their financial
                        instrument portfolio and examine the contribution to profit or loss of
                        individual financial instrument valuations as a test of the reasonableness
                        of valuations.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.35" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.35</b> Regular
                        reconciliation of the entity’s records to external banks’ and custodians’
                        records enables the entity to ensure transactions are properly recorded.
                        Appropriate segregation of duties between those transacting the trades and
                        those reconciling them is important, as is a rigorous process for reviewing
                        reconciliations and clearing reconciling items.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.36" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.36</b> Controls may
                        also be established that require traders to identify whether a complex
                        financial instrument may have unique features (for example, embedded
                        derivatives). In such circumstances, there may be a separate function that
                        evaluates complex financial instrument transactions at their initiation
                        (which may be known as a product control group) working in connection with
                        an accounting policy group to ensure that the transaction is accurately
                        recorded. Although smaller entities may not have product control groups, an
                        entity may have a process in place relating to the review of complex
                        financial instrument contracts at the point of origination in order to
                        ensure that they are accounted for appropriately in accordance with the
                        applicable financial reporting framework.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.37" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.37</b> <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../aag-afi/aag-afi_appC/aag-afi_appC.dita#UUID-98424c7b-7ffc-0327-9322-911753222ce7">Appendix C</xref>, "Examples of Control Objectives, Related Controls,
                        and Illustrative Tests of Controls for Financial Instruments," of this guide
                        provides examples of control objectives, related controls, and illustrative
                        tests of controls for financial instruments.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>