<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-87cde3fe-3348-530d-5e97-61da5cc99a1f" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">PCAOB Accounting Support Fee</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.171" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.168</b> To fund the
                    activities of the PCAOB, SOX provided that funds to cover its annual budget
                    (less registration and annual fees paid by public accounting firms) would be
                    collected from issuers based on each issuer’s relative average monthly equity
                    market capitalization. This amount collected is referred to as an accounting
                    support fee.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.172" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.169</b> As previously
                    discussed, the Dodd-Frank Act amended SOX to grant the PCAOB oversight authority
                    with respect to audits of registered broker-dealers. To provide funds for the
                    PCAOB’s oversight of these audits, the Dodd-Frank Act further amended SOX to
                    require the PCAOB to allocate a portion of the accounting support fee to be
                    collected among broker-dealers, or classes of broker-dealers, based on their
                    relative net capital.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.173" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.170</b> To comply with
                    the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, amendments to the PCAOB funding rules
                        <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="54" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393060914318" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">For more information see PCAOB Release No. 2011-002 at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://pcaob-assets.azureedge.net/pcaob-dev/docs/default-source/rulemaking/docket033/pcaob_release_2011-002_rules.pdf">https://pcaob-assets.azureedge.net/pcaob-dev/docs/default-source/rulemaking/docket033/pcaob_release_2011-002_rules.pdf</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd3_pcaob_accounting_support_fee.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-87cde3fe-3348-530d-5e97-61da5cc99a1f/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393060914318"/>
         </ph> were made to</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">establish classes of broker-dealers.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">describe the methods of allocating the appropriate portion of the
                            accounting support fee to each broker-dealer within each class.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">address the collection of the assessed share of the broker-dealer
                            accounting support fee.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.174" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.171</b> The accounting
                    support fee has been divided into an issuer accounting support fee and a
                    broker-dealer accounting support fee. Affiliated entities may be allocated
                    separate shares of both the issuer and broker-dealer accounting support
                    fee.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.175" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.172</b> The
                    broker-dealer accounting support fee assessed is based on the average tentative
                    net capital reported at the end of the calendar quarters during the previous
                    calendar year. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Tentative net capital</i> is
                    defined in the PCAOB amendment to have the same meaning as that term has in SEC
                    Rule 15c3-1(c)(15). Two classes of broker-dealers have been established:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Those with average quarterly tentative net capital greater than $5
                            million during the preceding calendar year</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Those with average quarterly tentative net capital less than or equal
                            to $5 million or those broker-dealers not filing audited financial
                            statements pursuant to an SEC rule or other action of the SEC or its
                            staff</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.176" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.173</b> The total
                    accounting support fee to be allocated to broker-dealers will be determined each
                    year by the PCAOB and will be allocated to broker-dealers with tentative net
                    capital greater than $5 million based on the broker-dealer’s proportional share
                    of the total tentative net capital of that class of broker-dealers. The second
                    class of broker-dealers, which includes those with tentative net capital at or
                    below the $5 million threshold, will be allocated a share of the broker-dealer
                    accounting support fee of zero under current rules. Assigning a broker-dealer a
                    share of the accounting support fee equal to zero when its tentative net capital
                    is less than or equal to $5 million does not affect the board’s oversight of the
                    audits of that broker-dealer. See the PCAOB website for more information on the
                    assessment and collection of the broker-dealer accounting support fee.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>