<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-0041c01e-5bb9-2ff6-384e-c62c6f9a997b" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Glossary</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p id="UUID-0041c01e-5bb9-2ff6-384e-c62c6f9a997b_bridgehead-idm450192435471363390301105247" class="- topic/p ">The following terms can be found in the FASB <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting
                Standards Codification</i> (ASC) Master Glossary:</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">box spread.</b> A combination of long calls and short
            puts (identical with respect to the underlying security issue, number of shares,
            exercise price, and expiration date) coupled with long puts and short calls (identical
            with respect to the underlying security issue, number of shares, exercise price, and
            expiration date). In boxing (coupling), the long calls and short puts with the long puts
            and short calls, the underlying security issue, the number of shares, and the expiration
            date remain identical. However, the exercise price of each combination is at a different
            amount.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">collateralized financing entity.</b> A variable interest
            entity that holds financial assets, issues beneficial interests in those financial
            assets, and has no more than nominal equity. The beneficial interests have contractual
            recourse only to the related assets of the collateralized financing entity and are
            classified as financial liabilities. A collateralized financing entity may hold
            nonfinancial assets temporarily as a result of default by the debtor on the underlying
            debt instruments held as assets by the collateralized financing entity or in an effort
            to restructure the debt instruments held as assets by the collateralized financing
            entity. A collateralized financing entity also may hold other financial assets and
            financial liabilities that are incidental to the operations of the collateralized
            financing entity and have carrying values that approximate fair value (for example,
            cash, broker receivables, or broker payables).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">fail-to-deliver.</b> A securities sale to another
            broker-dealer that has not been delivered to the buying broker-dealer by the close of
            business on the settlement date.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">fail-to-receive.</b> A securities purchase from another
            broker-dealer not received from the selling broker-dealer by the close of business on
            the settlement date.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">fair value.</b> The price that would be received to sell
            an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
            participants at the measurement date.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Fed Funds effective swap rate (or overnight index swap
                rate).</b> The fixed rate on a U.S. dollar, constant-notional interest rate
            swap that has its variable-rate leg referenced to the Fed Funds effective rate with no
            additional spread over the Fed Funds effective rate on that variable-rate leg. That
            fixed rate is the derived rate that would result in the swap having a zero fair value at
            inception because the present value of fixed cash flows, based on that rate, equates to
            the present value of the variable cash flows.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">FHLMC.</b> Abbreviation for Federal Home Loan Mortgage
            Corporation. Often referred to as Freddie Mac, FHLMC is a private corporation authorized
            by Congress to assist in the development and maintenance of a secondary market in
            conventional residential mortgages. FHLMC purchases mortgage loans and sells mortgages
            principally through mortgage participation certificates representing an undivided
            interest in a group of conventional mortgages. FHLMC guarantees the timely payment of
            interest and the collection of principal on the participation certificates.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">financial asset.</b> Cash, evidence of an ownership
            interest in an entity, or a contract that conveys to one entity a right to do either of
            the following:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Receive cash or another financial instrument from a second entity</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Exchange other financial instruments on potentially favorable terms with the
                    second entity.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">floor broker.</b> A member of a securities exchange who
            executes transactions on the floor of an exchange for the account of that member’s own
            entity or for the account of other member entities. Broker-dealers often engage floor
            brokers, who are responsible for executing securities transactions on the exchanges for
            the account of the broker-dealer. Floor brokers employed by the entity may execute
            trades on behalf of other broker-dealers, for which the entity is paid a brokerage fee.
            The purchase and sale department of the broker-dealer maintains the records of floor
            brokerage fees that are due to other broker-dealers who execute orders on the entity’s
            behalf and brokerage fees due from other broker-dealers.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">FNMA.</b> Abbreviation for Federal National Mortgage
            Association. Often referred to as Fannie Mae, FNMA is an investor-owned corporation
            established by Congress to support the secondary mortgage loan market by purchasing
            mortgage loans when other investor funds are limited and selling mortgage loans when
            other investor funds are available.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">GNMA. </b>Abbreviation for Government National Mortgage
            Association, often referred to as Ginnie Mae. GNMA is a U.S. governmental agency that
            guarantees certain types of mortgage-backed securities and provides funds for and
            administers certain types of low-income housing assistance programs.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">proprietary transactions.</b> Transactions in financial
            instruments that broker-dealers execute for their own account.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">public business entity.</b> A public business entity is a
            business entity meeting any one of the following criteria. Neither a not-for-profit
            entity nor an employee benefit plan is a business entity.</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">It is required by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to file or
                    furnish financial statements, or does file or furnish financial statements
                    (including voluntary filers), with the SEC (including other entities whose
                    financial statements or financial information are required to be or are included
                    in a filing).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">It is required by the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Act), as amended,
                    or rules or regulations promulgated under the Act, to file or furnish financial
                    statements with a regulatory agency other than the SEC.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">It is required to file or furnish financial statements with a foreign or
                    domestic regulatory agency in preparation for the sale of or for purposes of
                    issuing securities that are not subject to contractual restrictions on
                    transfer.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">It has issued, or is a conduit bond obligor for, securities that are traded,
                    listed, or quoted on an exchange or an over-the-counter market.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">It has one or more securities that are not subject to contractual restrictions
                    on transfer, and it is required by law, contract, or regulation to prepare U.S.
                    GAAP financial statements (including footnotes) and make them publicly available
                    on a periodic basis (for example, interim or annual periods). An entity must
                    meet both of these conditions to meet this criterion.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p class="- topic/p ">An entity may meet the definition of a public business entity solely because its
            financial statements or financial information is included in another entity’s filing
            with the SEC. In that case, the entity is only a public business entity for purposes of
            financial statements that are filed or furnished with the SEC.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">regular-way trades.</b> Include both of the following:
                (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>) all transactions in exchange-traded financial
            instruments that are expected to settle within the standard settlement cycle of that
            exchange (for example, two days for U.S. securities exchanges); <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="1" id="UUID-0041c01e-5bb9-2ff6-384e-c62c6f9a997b-aag-brd-glossary-fn1" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Under SEC Release No. 34-96930, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Shortening the
                        Securities Transaction Settlement Cycle</i>, the SEC amended Rule
                    15c6-1, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Settlement Cycle Rule</i>, to shorten the
                    standard settlement cycle for most broker-dealer transactions from two business
                    days after the trade date (T+2) to one business day after the trade date
                    (T+1).</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd_glossary.dita#UUID-0041c01e-5bb9-2ff6-384e-c62c6f9a997b/UUID-0041c01e-5bb9-2ff6-384e-c62c6f9a997b-aag-brd-glossary-fn1"/>
         </ph> and (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>) all transactions in
            cash-market-traded financial instruments that are expected to settle within the time
            frame prevalent or traditional for each specific instrument (for example, for U.S.
            government securities, one or two days).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">repurchase agreement (repo agreement).</b> An agreement
            under which the transferor (repo party) transfers a financial asset to a transferee
            (repo counterparty or reverse party) in exchange for cash and concurrently agrees to
            reacquire that financial asset at a future date for an amount equal to the cash
            exchanged plus or minus a stipulated interest factor. Instead of cash, other securities
            or letters of credit sometimes are exchanged. Some repurchase agreements call for
            repurchase of financial assets that need not be identical to the financial assets
            transferred.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">repurchase agreement accounted for as a collateralized borrowing
                (repo agreement).</b> A transaction in which a seller-borrower of securities
            sells those securities to a buyer-lender with an agreement to repurchase them at a
            stated price plus interest at a specified date or in specified circumstances. A
            repurchase agreement accounted for as a collateralized borrowing is a repo that does not
            qualify for sale accounting under FASB ASC 860, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Transfers and
                Servicing</i>. The payable under a repurchase agreement accounted for as a
            collateralized borrowing refers to the amount of the seller-borrower’s obligation
            recognized for the future repurchase of the securities from the buyer-lender. In certain
            industries, the terminology is reversed; that is, entities in those industries refer to
            this type of agreement as a reverse repo (see <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">reverse repurchase
                agreement accounted for as a collateralized borrowing</b>).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">repurchase-to-maturity transaction.</b> A repurchase
            agreement in which the settlement date of the agreement to repurchase a transferred
            financial asset is at the maturity date of that financial asset, and the agreement would
            not require the transferor to reacquire the financial asset.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">reverse repurchase agreement accounted for as a collateralized
                borrowing (also known as a reverse repo).</b> A transaction that is accounted
            for as a collateralized lending in which a buyer-lender buys securities with an
            agreement to resell them to the seller-borrower at a stated price plus interest at a
            specified date or in specified circumstances. The receivable under a reverse repurchase
            agreement accounted for as a collateralized borrowing refers to the amount due from the
            seller-borrower for the repurchase of the securities from the buyer-lender. In certain
            industries, the terminology is reversed; that is, entities in those industries refer to
            this type of agreement as a repo (see <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">repurchase agreement
                accounted for as a collateralized borrowing</b>).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">soft-dollar arrangements.</b> Arrangements in which a
            broker-dealer provides research to a customer in return for trade order flow (a certain
            volume of trades) from that customer.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">substantial doubt about an entity’s ability to continue as a
                going concern.</b> Substantial doubt about an entity’s ability to continue as
            a going concern exists when conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, indicate
            that it is probable that the entity will be unable to meet its obligations as they
            become due within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued (or
            within one year after the date that the financial statements are available to be issued
            when applicable). The term <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">probable</i> is used
            consistently with its use in FASB ASC 450 on contingencies.</p>
      <p id="UUID-0041c01e-5bb9-2ff6-384e-c62c6f9a997b_bridgehead-idm4500698856052833903010902425" class="- topic/p ">The following is a list of additional terms that have been used in this
            guide:</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">account executive.</b> See <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">registered representative</b>.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">active box.</b> A position on the stock record (street
            side) indicating securities under the control of the broker-dealer that are normally
            available for the broker-dealer's general use.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">adequately collateralized.</b> Indebtedness for which the
            difference between the amount of the indebtedness and the fair value of the collateral
            is sufficient to make the loan acceptable as a fully secured loan to banks that
            regularly make comparable loans to broker-dealers in the community.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">ADR.</b> Abbreviation for American Depository Receipt, a
            certificate issued by a U.S. bank that serves as evidence of ownership of original
            foreign shares. These certificates are transferable and can be traded. The original
            foreign stock certificates are deposited with a foreign branch or foreign correspondent
            bank of the issuing U.S. bank.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">agency transactions.</b> Transactions in financial
            instruments that broker-dealers execute on behalf of customers to earn commission
            income.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">aggregate indebtedness.</b> The total of certain
            liabilities of a broker-dealer that are set forth in SEC Rule 15c3-1. The rule states
            that a broker-dealer shall not permit its aggregate indebtedness to exceed a specified
            percentage of its net capital as defined in the rule.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">allied member.</b> Any general partner, qualified voting
            stockholder, or officer of a FINRA (former NYSE) member firm, who is deemed to be a
            control person of a member organization and who is not himself or herself a member of a
            stock exchange.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">arbitrage.</b> The act of buying a security in one market
            and simultaneously selling it in another in order to profit from price discrepancies.
            Also, buying a security subject to exchange, conversion, or reorganization and selling
            the security or securities to be received upon completion of the exchange, conversion,
            or reorganization.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">ask.</b> The lowest price a seller is willing to accept
            for a security at a particular time, also known as <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">offer</i> by exchanges.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">asset-backed commercial paper (ABCP).</b> Short-term
            promissory notes issued in bearer form by large corporations with similar features to
            the standard commercial paper, with the exception that the note is secured against
            specific assets, usually short-term trade receivables from a company (or companies).
            ABCP may also have liquidity support from a sponsoring bank to allow timely repayment at
            maturity (see <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">commercial paper</b>).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">balance order.</b> The net balance instructions, issued
            by a clearing organization, to receive or deliver securities based on a netting of all
            trades in a given security settling on the date of netting. The instructions give all
            the information needed by the member firm to clear its transactions on a given
            settlement date.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">basis point.</b> A measurement of changes in price or
            yields for fixed-income securities. One basis point equals 0.01%, or 10 cents per $1,000
            per year.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">best efforts.</b> Refers to an agreement by an
            underwriter to buy from the issuing corporation only those securities it is able to sell
            to the public.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">bid.</b> The price a buyer is willing to pay for a
            security at a particular time.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">block trading.</b> The acquisition or disposition of
            large quantities (10,000 shares or more) or blocks of stock by a broker-dealer in order
            to facilitate the execution of buy and sell orders of customers, usually institutions.
            Often, a broker-dealer absorbs a portion of the order for its own account and
            risk.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">blotter.</b> A record of original entry. A book or
            individual unit used as a record of original entry to record transactions as they occur.
            It covers purchases, sales, cash receipts and disbursements, and securities received and
            delivered.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">book entry system.</b> A system in which securities are
            not represented by physical certificates but are maintained in computerized records at
            the custodian (such as the Depository Trust Company) in the name of registered
            owners.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">borrowed.</b> The act of borrowing a security for
            delivery. The equivalent value in money is usually deposited with the lender.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">box.</b> A term used for a "short" position in the stock
            record representing securities under the control of or in the possession of the
            broker-dealer. It indicates a place where securities are kept, such as a vault, file
            cabinet, and so forth. A box is also identified as a safekeeping box, segregation box,
            name-of box, active box, and so forth.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">break.</b> The term applied to that position in the stock
            record to designate an out-of-balance position between the stock record long and short
            positions.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">broker loans.</b> Money borrowed by broker-dealers from
            banks. Typically, loans are collateralized by DTC eligible stocks with a fair value of
            more than five dollars, subject to concentration limitations.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">bulk segregation.</b> Securities (usually constituting
            excess collateral in margin accounts) that are filed in alphabetical order in special
            boxes in the vault but that are not specifically identified by owner. The securities are
            usually in the name of the broker-dealer, who maintains collateral records that indicate
            the owners.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">buy in.</b> The procedure followed by a broker-dealer
            desiring to settle a buy contract that is past due. The broker-dealer may file a notice
            termed a buy in with a stock exchange or the National Association of Security Dealers
            (NASD), as appropriate. A copy of the notice is also served on the broker-dealer from
            whom the securities were to be received. If the securities are not delivered, the stock
            or bond may be bought in for cash for the account of the broker-dealer from whom the
            securities are to be received. The difference in price between the buy in and the
            contract price is adjusted by check from one broker-dealer to another.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">cage.</b> The term given to the area of the broker or
            dealer's office that has responsibility for receiving and delivering securities.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">call (margin).</b> A request for a margin customer to put
            up additional collateral (cash or securities).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">call option.</b> A contract that entitles the holder to
            buy (call), entirely at his or her option, a specified number of underlying units of a
            particular security at a specified price at any time until the stated expiration date of
            the contract. (This is an American-style option; a European-style option is exercisable
            only at a specific date.) Such an option (which is always for a transferable, round-lot
            amount) is bought with the expectation that the price will rise above the contract
            price. If the price rises as anticipated, the purchaser will exercise the option; if it
            does not, he or she will let the option expire and will lose only the cost of the
            option. There is both a listed and over-the-counter market in options. (During the
            existence of an OTC option, the exercise price and number of underlying units are
            adjusted on the expiration date for cash dividends, rights, and stock dividends or
            splits.)</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">carry.</b> The cost of financing (borrowing to buy) a
            position in financial instruments. Positive carry is a condition that arises if the cost
            of financing (the short-term rate of interest) is less than the current return of the
            instrument. Negative carry is a condition that arises if the cost of financing is above
            the current return of the instrument.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">cash account.</b> The account of a customer of a
            broker-dealer who purchases and sells securities strictly on a cash basis. No credit
            margin is allowed.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">cashier's department.</b> A division of the operations
            department of a broker-dealer that handles the securities and money that are received or
            delivered by the broker-dealer (see <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">cage</b>).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">CFTC.</b> Abbreviation for Commodity Futures Trading
            Commission, an agency established by Congress to regulate U.S. commodity futures markets
            and futures commission merchants. Among other things, this agency establishes rules
            governing the minimum financial, reporting, and audit requirements of its members. Its
            function is similar to that performed by the SEC in regulating broker-dealers in
            securities and various securities markets.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">cleanup call</b>. A provision of an asset-backed security
            that permits the issuer to call it at par when the collateral has been paid down to a
            specified level.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">clearance.</b> The act of clearing securities
            transactions between buyers and sellers; receipt or delivery of securities against
            payment.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">clearing broker.</b> Usually, a broker-dealer who clears
            the transactions of another broker-dealer (see <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">correspondent</b>).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">clearinghouse.</b> The central location for matching and
            settling commodity transactions, collecting and maintaining margin, regulating delivery,
            and reporting trade information of members. The clearinghouse is responsible to all
            members for the fulfillment of the contracts and maintains sufficient funds by calling
            for margin deposits from members.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">clearing member.</b> A broker-dealer entitled to use the
            services of the clearing organization.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">clearing organization.</b> The central location for
            matching the security transactions of members (see <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">clearinghouse</b>).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">commercial paper (CP).</b> Short-term promissory notes
            issued in bearer form by large corporations, with maturities ranging from overnight to
            270 days. However, most paper issued matures in less than 40 days. Standard CP is
            unsecured and subject to counterparty risk (see <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">asset-backed
                commercial paper</b>).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">comparison.</b> A formal notice that details the terms of
            the contract between broker-dealers that are parties to nonexchange trades. If the
            details of the trade are correct, the comparison is stamped (acknowledged) and returned;
            if they are incorrect, the broker-dealer indicates the differences and returns the
            comparison (see <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">DK</b>).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">compliance department.</b> The department of a
            broker-dealer that enforces adherence to policies established by the broker-dealer, plus
            all rules and regulations promulgated by the various regulatory agencies.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">confirmation.</b> A notice that sets forth the terms of a
            contract between a broker-dealer and its customer for the purchase or sale of
            securities. Details shown on a confirmation are the trade date, settlement date, number
            of shares or par value of bonds, security description, contract price, commission,
            account number and type of account, and customer's name and address, as well as any
            other information required.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">correspondent.</b> One of the parties to an agreement
            between two broker-dealers who perform services for each other, such as the execution
            and the clearance of trades or the maintenance of customer accounts.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">CRD.</b> Abbreviation for Centralized Registration
            Depository; a computerized filing and data processing system, operated by FINRA, that
            maintains registration information regarding broker-dealers and their registered
            personnel.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">credit department.</b> See <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">margin
                department</b>.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">CUSIP number.</b> A means of uniformly describing and
            identifying all stocks and registered bonds in numeric form developed by the Committee
            on Uniform Security Identification Procedures.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">delayed delivery.</b> A transaction involving deferral of
            the settlement date (which is normally three business days for securities and one
            business day for options) to some point further in the future as agreed on by both buyer
            and seller (see <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">seller's option</b>).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">derivative.</b> A financial instrument, traded on or off
            an exchange, the price of which is directly dependent upon (that is, derived from) the
            value of one or more underlying securities, equity indexes, debt instruments,
            commodities, other derivative instruments, or any agreed upon pricing index or
            arrangement (for example, the movement over time of the Consumer Price Index or freight
            rates). Derivatives involve the trading of rights or obligations based on the underlying
            product but do not directly transfer property.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">discretionary account.</b> An account over which a
            broker-dealer or some other person has been given authority by the customer to make
            decisions (including the kind of securities to buy or sell, as well as the date and
            prices to be paid or received) concerning purchases and sales of securities. The
            discretion may be complete or limited.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">distribution.</b> The sale of a large block of securities
            to the investing public.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">divided liability.</b> Liability in a syndicate or
            underwriting that is fixed or definite in the amount of shares or principal value for
            each participant (see <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">undivided liability</b>).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">dividend department.</b> A division of the operations
            department that is charged with the collection of dividends and the crediting of these
            dividends to the accounts of customers.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">DK.</b> Abbreviation for “don't know” — an expression
            used by a broker-dealer to indicate that a transaction another broker-dealer is
            attempting to confirm or compare is unknown or is questioned (meaning that it is a
            questioned trade or a QT). When mutual understanding is reached, the transaction is
            properly compared or canceled.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">DTC.</b> Abbreviation for Depository Trust Company, a
            depository for eligible securities that facilitates clearance between member
            organizations and banks without the necessity of receiving or delivering actual
            certificates. DTC is a subsidiary of DTCC.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">DTCC.</b> The Depository Trust &amp; Clearing
            Corporation, a holding company for DTC and NSCC.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">due bill.</b> A document, used to adjust security
            transactions, passed between broker-dealers stating that dividends, rights to subscribe,
            stock dividends, and so forth, are the property of the holder of the due bill.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">DVP.</b> Abbreviation for delivery versus payment; a type
            of settlement in which the security is paid for when the selling broker-dealer delivers
            the security to the purchaser or their agent.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">ECN.</b> Electronic Communication Network, an alternative
            trading system that facilitates trading of financial products outside of stock exchanges
            by directly connecting equity traders, agency brokers, market makers, and investors.
            ECNs must register with the SEC as a broker-dealer or an exchange and are subject to
            Regulation ATS.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">equity.</b> The net worth in an account carried by a
            broker-dealer, computed by subtracting the total of the short security values and the
            debit balance from the total of the long security values and the credit balance. If the
            result is a net credit, the account is said to liquidate to an equity.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">equity securities.</b> Term applied to common and
            preferred stocks.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">equity statements (runs).</b> Statements showing details
            of an account with security valuations.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">ex-clearinghouse.</b> Transactions that are not settled
            through the clearinghouse.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">ex-dividend.</b> Synonym for without dividend. The buyer
            of a stock selling ex-dividend does not receive the recently declared dividend. Open buy
            and sell stop orders and sell stop limit orders in a stock on the ex-dividend date are
            ordinarily reduced by the value of the particular dividend. In the case of open stop
            limit orders to sell, both the stop price and the limit price are reduced. Every
            dividend is payable on a fixed date to all shareholders recorded on the books of the
            disbursing company as of a previous date of record. For example, a dividend may be
            declared as payable to holders of record on the books of the disbursing company on a
            given Friday. Because three business days are allowed for delivering the security via
            regular-way delivery in transactions on a stock exchange, the exchange would declare the
            stock ex-dividend as of the opening of the market on the preceding Wednesday. This means
            that anyone buying the stock on and after Wednesday would not be entitled to the
            dividend.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">execution report.</b> A confirmation notice of the
            completion of a trade that is sent from the floor of an exchange (for listed securities)
            or trading desk (for over-the-counter securities) back to the point of origin of the
            order.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">extension.</b> Permission to extend credit beyond the
            time prescribed by Federal Reserve Regulation T of the Board of Governors of the Federal
            Reserve System.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">fails.</b> Uncompleted securities transactions between
            two broker-dealers (see <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">fail-to-deliver</b> and <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">fail-to-receive</b> in the FASB ASC section of the
            glossary).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">fair value.</b> As used in connection with margin
            trading, generally the closing price of a security as of the preceding business
            day.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">FINRA.</b> Financial Industry Regulatory Authority was
            created in July 2007 through the consolidation of the National Association of Securities
            Dealers (NASD) and the member regulation, enforcement, and arbitration functions of the
            New York Stock Exchange (NYSE).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">firm account.</b> An account consisting of securities in
            which the broker-dealer has taken a position for investment purposes, is making a market
            (principal wholesaler), or has an interest with another party (joint account).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">firm commitment.</b> The agreement of an underwriter to
            buy the entire issue of a security from the issuing corporation at a specified
            price.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">firm price.</b> The price at which a security can be
            bought or sold in the over-the-counter market for such period of time as the seller may
            specify.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">flat.</b> A method of trading in certain kinds of bonds.
            Usually used in trading income bonds that do not pay interest unless it has been earned
            and declared payable, or in bonds on which the issuer has defaulted in the payment of
            interest. When bonds are traded "flat," the seller is not entitled to the interest that
            has accumulated since the date of the last interest payment. The seller of a bond that
            is traded flat must deliver the bond with all unpaid coupons attached or a due bill
            authorizing the buyer to collect any payments of interest that may be made by the issuer
            in the future.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">floor.</b> Popular name for the area where securities are
            bought or sold at an exchange.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">floor brokerage.</b> The commission charged by one
            broker-dealer to another for executions of transactions at exchanges.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">floor clerk.</b> An employee of a broker-dealer who
            maintains a liaison between the order room and the floor broker.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">FOCUS report.</b> Acronym for Financial and Operational
            Combined Uniform Single report. The uniform regulatory report (Form X-17A-5) filed
            periodically by all broker-dealers pursuant to Rule 17a-5 of the SEC.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">forward market.</b> Reference made to nonexchange trading
            of commodities and securities for settlement at a future date. Contracts of this nature
            are designed by both the buyer and seller about the delivery time, the amount, and so
            on.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">fractional share.</b> Ownership in less than a full share
            of stock.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">fully disclosed basis.</b> Situation in which a
            nonclearing broker introduces a customer to a clearing broker and the customer's name
            and statement are carried by, and disclosed to, that clearing broker.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">futures contract.</b> An exchange-traded contract for the
            purchase or sale of commodities at some time in the future.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">good delivery.</b> Certain basic qualifications that must
            be met before a security sold may be delivered. The security must be in proper form to
            comply with the contract of sale and to transfer title by delivery to the
            purchaser.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">good-faith deposit.</b> Deposit to guarantee performance,
            usually with respect to new issues of securities.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">GTC.</b> Abbreviation for good ’til canceled. Also called
            an open order. If this term appears on an order to buy or sell a security, it means that
            the order is to remain in effect until it is either executed or canceled.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">haircut.</b> Deductions from the net capital of certain
            specified percentages of the fair value of securities and commodity futures contracts
            that are long and short in the capital and proprietary accounts of a broker-dealer and
            in the accounts of partners. These deductions are solely for the purpose of computing
            net capital and are not entered on the books.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">holder of record.</b> The party listed as the owner on
            the transfer records of a corporation.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">house rules.</b> Rules promulgated by the broker-dealer.
            Usually refers to the maintenance margin required by the broker-dealer over and above
            the requirements of regulatory bodies.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">hypothecation agreement.</b> An agreement signed by a
            customer that permits his or her broker to use securities in the customer's margin
            account as collateral for loans made to the broker.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">initial margin.</b> The amount of money or its
            equivalent, specified by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, that a
            customer must deposit with his or her broker when the customer buys a security on
            margin.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">investment banker.</b> One who underwrites securities on
            an initial or secondary basis. This type of underwriting often involves private
            placements for which the investment banker may act as both a broker and a dealer.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">joint account.</b> An account in which two or more
            persons have an interest.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">letter of credit.</b> An unqualified commitment issued by
            banks or trust companies to pay a specified sum of money immediately upon demand at any
            time prior to the expiration of the letter of credit. Most commonly used by
            broker-dealers to satisfy margin requirements at the Options Clearing Corporation or
            commodity-clearing organizations or in stock-borrowed transactions.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">limit order.</b> Also called a limited order or limited
            price order, an order to buy or sell a security at a price specified by the customer or
            at a better price, if such a price can be obtained.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">listed security.</b> A security that is traded on an
            exchange.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">loaned.</b> The act of lending a security, usually for
            delivery against a short sale. The equivalent value in money is usually deposited by the
            borrower. This term is the opposite of <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">borrowed</i>.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Loanet.</b> A privately owned and operated online
            real-time accounting service used by brokers and institutions in support of their
            domestic and international securities borrowing and lending activities. The system, part
            of SunGard Data Systems, Inc., provides interfaces to the Depository Trust Company for
            both receipt and delivery of securities, including fair values of the securities, and to
            clients' internal recordkeeping systems or outside accounting services. In addition,
            Loanet also provides daily contract comparison for all subscribers engaged in the
            borrowing and lending of securities and portfolio availability of most major lending
            institutions.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">loan value.</b> The value at which a security is accepted
            for margin. This value is usually less than, or at a discount from, the fair
            value.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">lockup.</b> The act of placing securities in safekeeping
            or segregation.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">long.</b> Denotes ownership, or the right to possession,
            of securities.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">long securities differences.</b> The excess of securities
            positions accounted for over the broker-dealer's long positions on the stock record.
            When recorded in a difference account, the excess would be recorded long on the stock
            record (see <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">short securities differences</b>).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">maintenance margin.</b> The amount of equity required to
            be maintained in a margin account in accordance with exchange regulations or house
            rules.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">margin.</b> The equity in an account. The requirements
            for the amount of margin vary between initial margin and maintenance margin and also
            according to the type of collateral used in computing the equity.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">margin call.</b> A request for additional margin.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">margin department.</b> A division of the operations
            department. Its functions include keeping an up-to-date record of each customer's
            purchases and sales of securities, carefully monitoring extensions of credit to
            customers, and the segregation of fully paid for or excess-margin securities.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">margin transaction.</b> A transaction in which the
            broker-dealer advances credit to the customer for a portion of the purchase
            price.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">market maker.</b> A broker-dealer that stands ready to
            buy or sell a particular security in the over-the-counter market at prices the
            broker-dealer has quoted. Also, an options trader on the floor of a registered exchange
            who stands ready to buy or sell a particular option.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">market price.</b> Usually means the last reported price
            at which a security has been sold.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">mark-up.</b> The difference between what a broker-dealer
            has paid for a security and the price at which it offers the security to another
            person.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">master file.</b> A file that contains the official
            account numbers and descriptions of securities and customers' names and
            addresses.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">material associated person (MAP)</b>. The determination
            of whether an affiliated person of a broker or dealer is a material associated person
            involves consideration of all aspects of the activities of, and the relationship
            between, both entities, including the factors enumerated in SEC Rule 17h-1T.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">material error (as defined by the SEC Division of Trading and
                Markets).</b> “…a misstatement of any individual financial statement account
            balance, i.e. line item, where the amount of the individual adjustment, if made to the
            financial statements, would cause a change of 10 percent or more in excess net capital
            or excess segregated funds or where the adjustment, if made to the financial statements,
            would cause the firm to fall into an ‘early warning’ net capital position.”</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">matrix pricing.</b> A mathematical technique used to
            value normal institutional-size trading units of debt securities without relying
            exclusively on quoted prices of the specific security. Factors such as the issue's
            coupon or stated interest rate, maturity, and rating and quoted prices of similar issues
            are considered in developing the issue's current market yield.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">maximum loan value.</b> The percentage of the purchase
            price of a security that a broker-dealer may lend to a customer who is buying a security
            on margin.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">member firm.</b> A broker-dealer that is organized as a
            partnership and that has at least one general partner who is a member of an organized
            stock exchange.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board (MSRB).</b> Agency
            established by Congress to establish rules for broker-dealers effecting transactions in
            obligations of, or guaranteed by, state or local governments or any agency or
            instrumentality thereof.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">NASD.</b> Abbreviation for National Association of
            Securities Dealers, Inc., formerly an association of broker-dealers doing business in
            the over-the-counter market. Prior to its incorporation into FINRA, the association
            supervised and regulated the trading conduct and sales practices of its members. See
                <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">FINRA</b>.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Nasdaq.</b> Abbreviation for the Nasdaq Stock Market, an
            electronic stock market (formerly known as the National Association of Securities
            Dealers Automated Quotation System).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">net capital.</b> Net worth of a broker-dealer, less
            certain items such as exchange memberships, the carrying value of securities that are
            not readily marketable, haircuts on marketable securities in proprietary accounts,
            furniture and equipment, and other illiquid assets, as defined in the net capital
            rules.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">new issue.</b> A security that is sold by an issuing
            corporation for the first time. It may be referred to as an initial public offering or
            IPO.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">no-action letter.</b> A letter issued to a broker-dealer
            by the SEC staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) in response to a
            request filed by the broker-dealer describing a proposed business activity that may or
            may not conform to SEC rules and regulations. In a no-action letter, the SEC staff
            indicates that, based on the facts presented by the broker-dealer, the SEC staff will
            recommend no action be taken against the broker-dealer for engaging in the proposed
            activity. A no-action letter does not have the force of law; however, it represents an
            interpretation of the SEC staff that may be applied in a situation where the
            broker-dealer is engaging in an activity not addressed by existing SEC rules and
            regulations.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">NSCC.</b> Abbreviation for National Securities Clearing
            Corporation, a subsidiary of DTCC, that provides trade processing, clearance, delivery,
            and settlement services to its members. It deals with brokers, dealers, and banks in the
            United States and Canada.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">odd lot.</b> A quantity of securities that is less than
            the trading unit or round lot, usually a quantity less than an even 100 shares.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">offer.</b> The lowest price at which a seller is willing
            to sell a security.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">omnibus account.</b> An open account carried and cleared
            by another broker-dealer and containing accounts of undisclosed customers on a
            commingled basis that are carried individually on the books of the broker-dealer
            introducing the trades.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">operations department.</b> The name associated with the
            overall clerical functions of a broker-dealer. Sometimes referred to as the back
            office.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">order department.</b> A division of the operations
            department that receives customers' orders and transmits them either to the floor of a
            stock exchange or to the trading department for execution. The order department also
            receives notices of executed trades and transmits such notices to the purchases and
            sales department and to the registered representatives.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">order room.</b> Another name for the order
            department.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">OTC.</b> Abbreviation for over-the-counter. A securities
            trading market made up of broker-dealers that may or may not be members of a securities
            exchange. Thousands of companies either have insufficient shares outstanding,
            stockholders, or earnings to warrant application for or maintaining a listing on a stock
            exchange, or they choose not to be listed on a stock exchange for other business or
            economic reasons. Securities of these and other companies are traded in the OTC market
            between broker-dealers that act as either principals (dealers) or agents (brokers) for
            customers. The OTC market is the principal market for U.S. government and corporate
            bonds and municipal securities. In the United States, over-the-counter trading in
            securities is carried out by market makers using interdealer quotation services such as
            OTC Pink (operated by OTC Markets Group) and OTC Bulletin Board (operated by
            FINRA).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">PAB account.</b> A proprietary securities account of a
            broker or dealer (which includes a foreign broker or dealer, or foreign bank acting as a
            broker or dealer) other than a delivery-versus-payment account or a
            receipt-versus-payment account and does not include an account that has been
            subordinated to the claims of creditors of the carrying broker or dealer.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">payable date.</b> The date on which a dividend is payable
            to holders of record as of some previous date.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">pink sheets.</b> Pink sheets got their name because they
            were formerly a listing of over-the-counter securities published on pink paper by the
            National Quotation Bureau (now Pink OTC Markets). Yellow sheets are to bonds what pink
            sheets are to corporate equity securities traded in the OTC market (see <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">OTC</b>).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">point.</b> If used in connection with the purchase or
            sale of stocks, point means a rise or decline of $1 per share. If used in connection
            with the purchase or sale of bonds, it means a rise or decline of $10 per $1,000
            principal amount.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">point balance.</b> A daily summary by commodity for
            exchange-traded futures and options on futures contracts that contains all open long and
            short positions and the original transaction price valued at the closing settlement
            prices. Separate summaries are prepared for customer transactions and proprietary and
            noncustomer transactions.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">position.</b> This term is used in referring to the
            securities "long" or "short" in an account or in the stock record.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">post.</b> A designated place on an exchange floor where
            specific securities must be traded.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">private placement.</b> The direct sale of a block of
            securities, either a new issue or a secondary issue, to a single investor or a group of
            investors. This is usually accomplished through an investment banker.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">purchase and sales department.</b> A division of the
            operations department that is concerned with the preparation of customers' confirmations
            of security transactions and the comparison of such transactions with other brokerage
            concerns.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">put option.</b> A contract that entitles the holder to
            sell (put), entirely at his or her option, a specified number of underlying units of a
            particular security at a specified price anytime until the stated expiration date of the
            contract. (This is an American-style option; a European-style option is exercisable only
            at a specific date.) Such an option, which is always for a round-lot amount and which is
            transferable, is bought with the expectation of a price decline below the contract
            price. If the price decline occurs, the purchaser will exercise or sell the option. If
            the decline does not occur, he or she will let the option expire and will lose only the
            cost of the option. There are both listed and OTC markets in options. During the
            existence of an OTC option, the exercise price and number of underlying units are
            adjusted on the ex-date for cash dividends, rights, and stock dividends or
            splits.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">puts and calls.</b> Options to sell (put) or buy (call)
            securities within a specified period of time at specified prices (see <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">put option; call option</b>).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">quote.</b> The price of a security. It may be the price
            of the last sale made on an exchange or the current bid and ask price.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">record date.</b> The date on which the stockholder's name
            must be registered on the books of a company in order to receive a declared dividend or
            among other things to vote on company affairs.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">registered owner.</b> The owner of a security, whose name
            is recorded on the face of the certificate and on the books of the issuing corporation
            or its agent.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">registered representative.</b> Salesperson (often
            referred to as an account executive) of the broker-dealer. Salespeople are registered
            with the CRD (see <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">CRD</b>).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">registered trader.</b> Individuals or entities who have
            obtained approval to trade for their own account on the floor of a national securities
            exchange. Such individuals or entities have certain obligations with regard to the
            stabilization of the market in securities for which they are registered. They also have
            less stringent financial responsibilities and reporting requirements than do
            full-service broker-dealers.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">registrar.</b> Usually a trust company or bank charged
            with the responsibility of preventing the issuance of more stock than that authorized by
            the issuing company.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">regular way.</b> Unless otherwise specified, the delivery
            of securities (other than those of the U.S. government) to the buying broker-dealer by
            the selling broker-dealer. The regular-way delivery day for government bonds is the
            business day following the transaction.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Regulation T.</b> The Federal Reserve Board regulation
            governing the amount of credit that broker-dealers may extend to customers who buy
            securities.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">reorganization department.</b> A division of the
            operations department that processes securities involving corporate reorganizations,
            mergers, consolidations, subscriptions, and the exchange of convertible securities into
            common stocks.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">reverse split.</b> Opposite of stock split.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">rights.</b> The privilege offered by a corporation to its
            stockholders to subscribe to certain securities, usually at an advantageous
            price.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">riskless principal transaction.</b> A transaction in
            which, after having received an order to buy from a customer, the bank purchased the
            security from another person to offset a contemporaneous sale to such customer or, after
            having received an order to sell from a customer, the bank sold the security to another
            person to offset a contemporaneous purchase from such customer.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">round lot.</b> A unit of trading or a multiple thereof.
            On the NYSE, the unit of trading is generally 100 shares in stocks and $1,000 par value
            in bonds.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">safekeeping.</b> A position on the stock record (street
            side) indicating securities that have been fully paid for by customers and that are
            being held by the broker-dealer under custody arrangements. These securities are
            generally registered in the name of the customer.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">safekeeping box.</b> Location in which customers' fully
            paid-for securities are kept.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">SEC.</b> Abbreviation for Securities and Exchange
            Commission. An agency established by the U.S. Congress to administer federal securities
            laws.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">securities borrowed.</b> See <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">borrowed</b>.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">securities loaned.</b> See <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">loaned.</b>
      </p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">securities not readily marketable.</b> This term refers
            to (1) securities, except exempted securities, for which there is no market on a
            securities exchange or no independent publicly quoted market; (2) securities that cannot
            be publicly offered or sold unless registration has been effected under the Securities
            Act of 1933 (or the conditions of an exemption, such as Regulation A under Section 3(b)
            of this act, have been complied with); or (3) securities that cannot be offered or sold
            because of other arrangements, restrictions, or conditions applicable to the securities
            or the broker-dealer.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">segregation.</b> A position on the stock record (street
            side) indicating customers' fully paid-for or excess-margin securities that are subject
            to the customers' instructions and that have been set aside. These securities are
            generally in the name of the broker-dealer (see <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">bulk
                segregation</b>).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">segregation box.</b> Location in which segregated
            securities are kept.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">selling concession.</b> A discount in the public offering
            price offered by the issuer to members of its underwriting group.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">selling group.</b> A group of broker-dealers that has
            formed a joint account for the sale of securities, usually in connection with an
            underwriting.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">settlement date.</b> The date on which a securities
            transaction is to be settled by the delivery or receipt of securities and the receipt or
            payment of cash.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">settlement price.</b> The price at which a security or
            commodity is to be settled. Used primarily in connection with clearing organization
            operations.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">short.</b> A stock record position (street side) that
            represents location (such as box, transfer, and so forth) or due from (such as failed to
            receive or owed to the brokerage concern by a customer.)</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">short sale.</b> A sale of securities that requires
            borrowing equivalent securities to make delivery to the purchaser.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">short securities differences.</b> The excess of
            securities positions for which the broker-dealer is accountable on its stock record
            (longs) over those whose locations have been accounted for (shorts) after a securities
            verification. When recorded in a difference account, the excess would be recorded short
            on the stock record. See <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">long securities
            differences</b>.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">signature guarantee.</b> In order that a registered
            security may be a good delivery on the exchange or a good transfer, the signature of the
            registered owner must be properly guaranteed. The guarantee of a stock exchange member
            or a bank is usually considered sufficient guarantee.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">SIPC.</b> Abbreviation for Securities Investor Protection
            Corporation, a corporation established for the purpose of protecting customers of
            broker-dealers in financial difficulty.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">split.</b> The action of increasing the number of
            outstanding shares of stock of a company in order to decrease the market price and
            afford a greater distribution of the shares. For example, two shares for each share held
            will have the effect of reducing the price of the shares by approximately
            one-half.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">spot (commodity).</b> (1) The actual commodity as
            distinguished from a futures contract. (2) An outgrowth of the phrase "on the spot," it
            usually refers to a cash market price for stocks of the physical commodity that are
            available for immediate delivery. (3) This term is also used when referring to the
            futures contract of the current month, in which case trading is still "futures" trading
            but delivery is possible at any time.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">spread.</b> A combination of a put and call option at
            different prices — one below and the other above the current market price. Also refers
            to the difference between the bid and asked prices of a security.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">SRO.</b> Abbreviation for self-regulatory organization.
            An SRO, of which a broker-dealer is a member, assumes responsibility for monitoring the
            broker-dealer's compliance with minimum financial and related reporting
            requirements.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">standby.</b> A put exercisable at a future date. A long
            standby is an option to sell GNMA securities; a short standby is a commitment to
            buy.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">stock dividend.</b> A dividend payable in the stock of
            the issuing corporation.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">stock power.</b> A legal document used in lieu of the
            assignment section of a stock certificate.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">stock record (or position record).</b> The record of
            individual securities on which both the long and short positions are shown. For each
            security, the total of the long positions and the total of the short positions should be
            in balance.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">stock record department.</b> A division of the operations
            department that keeps up-to-date records of all securities positions and is usually
            responsible for reconciling out-of-balance conditions.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">stock split.</b> See <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">split</b>.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">street.</b> A shortened term for Wall Street that refers
            to brokers, dealers, and other financial business concerns.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">strike price.</b> The price at which GNMA securities can
            be purchased or sold upon the exercise of a standby or optional commitment. The price at
            which an option (put or call) can be exercised (sometimes called the exercise
            price).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">subscription.</b> The offer to purchase a certain
            offering, such as a certain number of shares of the stipulated stock or principal amount
            of bonds, for a stipulated amount of money. The offer is not binding unless accepted by
            the proper authorized representatives of the issuing corporation.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">subsequently measured at fair value.</b> Term used to
            describe the process of valuing security positions for purposes of determining profit or
            loss on security positions in proprietary trading and investment accounts. The term also
            is applied to open contracts between broker-dealers and clearing corporations for
            determining the adjustments to be made for funds owed or receivable as a result of
            adjusting those contracts to fair values.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">substitution.</b> The act of withdrawing securities from
            a bank loan and substituting other securities of approximately equal value.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">suspense account.</b> An account used to record
            securities or monies that cannot be immediately identified and cleared (for example, DK
            items).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">syndicate.</b> A group of broker-dealers that underwrites
            and distributes new issues of securities or large blocks of an outstanding issue.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">TBA.</b> Abbreviation for to be announced future
            government-sponsored enterprises' pools that are bought and sold for future settlement.
            TBA refers to the announcement of the specific pools to be delivered or received.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">ticker.</b> An instrument that prints the price at which
            a security has been traded on an exchange after the trade has been executed.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">trade.</b> A term that indicates the consummation of a
            securities transaction, either a purchase or a sale.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">trade date.</b> The date on which a securities
            transaction is actually executed.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">trader.</b> An employee of a broker-dealer who executes
            orders in the OTC market for customers. Also, a person who buys or sells securities for
            his or her own or his or her company's account for short-term profit.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">trading unit.</b> The unit by which the security is
            traded on an exchange, usually 100 shares of stock or $1,000 principal amount of bonds
            (see <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">round lot</b>).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">transfer.</b> Usually refers to the act of changing the
            ownership of registered securities on the books of the issuing corporation.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">transfer agent.</b> A transfer agent keeps a record of
            the name and address of each registered shareholder and the number of shares each owns.
            The agent sees that certificates presented to his or her office for transfer are
            properly canceled and that new certificates are issued in the name of the
            transferee.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">transfer department.</b> A division of the operations
            department that matches, processes, and controls securities being transferred.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">underwriting.</b> The act of distributing a new issue of
            securities or a large block of issued securities, that is, a secondary offering.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">undivided liability.</b> An arrangement whereby each
            member of an underwriting syndicate is liable for his or her proportionate share of
            unsold securities in the underwriting account regardless of the number of securities the
            member has previously sold.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">undue concentration.</b> The additional haircut from net
            capital (see SEC Rule 15c3-1) on the fair value of certain proprietary security
            positions of a single class or series of the same issuer that exceeds 10% of a broker or
            dealer's net capital before haircuts.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">unlisted security.</b> A security that is not listed on
            an exchange.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">up-front fee.</b> The amount of cash paid to a delayed
            settlement to-be-announced securities or GNMA purchaser that is offset by an increase in
            the sales price.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">warrants.</b> Rights to purchase additional securities.
            Usually affixed to the certificate at the time securities are originally issued. Also, a
            document evidencing rights, for instance, a warrant for 125 rights.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">when-issued.</b> A short form of <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">when, as, and if issued</i>. The term indicates a conditional transaction in
            a security authorized for issuance but not yet actually issued. All when-issued
            transactions are on an "if" basis, to be settled if and when the actual security is
            issued.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">window.</b> A term applied to a place in the office of a
            broker-dealer where securities are actually received or delivered.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">yield.</b> The return on investment that an investor will
            receive from dividends or interest. The return is expressed as a percentage of the
            current market price of the security or, if the investor already owns the security, of
            the price he or she paid. The return on stocks is computed by dividing the total
            dividends paid in the past calendar year by the price of the stock. The return on bonds
            is computed by dividing the interest by the price of the bid and is computed as yield to
            maturity or as yield to earliest call.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>