<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-36b93069-418f-360e-617e-fd22a8bcb986_UUID-c53644ba-4daa-5562-1928-3e10d7779155" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">FASB ASU No. 2019-11, Codification Improvements to Topic 326,
                        Financial Instruments — Credit Losses</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">In November 2019, FASB issued ASU No. 2019-11 to clarify, correct errors
                        in, or improve the codification.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">ASU No. 2019-04 clarifies certain aspects of the amendments in ASU No.
                        2016-13 as follows:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Expected recoveries for PCD
                                    assets</i>. The amendments clarify that the allowance for
                                credit losses for PCD assets should include in the allowance for
                                credit losses expected recoveries of amounts previously written off
                                and expected to be written off by the entity and should not exceed
                                the aggregate of amounts of the amortized cost basis previously
                                written off and expected to be written off by an entity.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">In addition, the amendments clarify that when a method other than
                                a discounted cash flow method is used to estimate expected credit
                                losses, expected recoveries should not include any amounts that
                                result in an acceleration of the noncredit discount. An entity may
                                include increases in expected cash flows after acquisition.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Transition relief for TDRs.</i> The
                                amendments provide transition relief by permitting entities an
                                accounting policy election to adjust the effective interest rate on
                                existing TDRs using prepayment assumptions on the date of adoption
                                of FASB ASC 326 rather than the prepayment assumptions in effect
                                immediately before the restructuring.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Disclosures related to accrued interest
                                    receivables.</i> The amendments extend the disclosure
                                relief for accrued interest receivable balances to additional
                                relevant disclosures involving amortized cost basis.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Financial assets secured by collateral
                                    maintenance provisions.</i> The amendments clarify that
                                an entity should assess whether it reasonably expects the borrower
                                will be able to continually replenish collateral securing the
                                financial asset to apply the practical expedient.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">The amendments clarify that an entity applying the practical
                                expedient should estimate expected credit losses for any difference
                                between the amount of the amortized cost basis that is greater than
                                the fair value of the collateral securing the financial asset (that
                                is, the unsecured portion of the amortized cost basis). An entity
                                may determine that the expectation of nonpayment for the amount of
                                the amortized cost basis equal to the fair value of the collateral
                                securing the financial asset is zero.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Conforming amendment to FASB ASC
                                    805-20.</i> The amendment to FASB ASC 805-20 clarifies
                                the guidance by removing the cross-reference to FASB ASC 310-30 in
                                FASB ASC 805-20-50-1 and replacing it with a cross-reference to the
                                guidance on PCD assets in FASB ASC 326-20.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>