<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-ee037930-8116-8404-669f-64c0582adcd4" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Investment Banking</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.111" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.111</b> Many
                    broker-dealers are engaged in providing investment banking services to their
                    customers. These services typically include raising capital through the public
                    offering or private placement of securities. In addition, these broker-dealers
                    counsel companies in the management of their money and advise companies about
                    corporate structuring opportunities.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.112" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.112</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Public offerings</i>. Business entities and
                    governmental entities that desire to raise funds through the public sale of
                    securities normally engage securities broker-dealers to underwrite their
                    securities issues. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Underwriting</i> is the act of
                    distributing a new issue of securities (primary offering) or a large block of
                    issued securities (secondary offering). Underwritings are accomplished on either
                    a firm-commitment or best-efforts basis. The underwriting group for a
                    transaction on a firm-commitment basis agrees to buy the entire security issue
                    from the issuer for a specified price, with the intent to resell the securities
                    to the public at a slightly higher price. The underwriting group for a
                    best-efforts underwriting agrees to sell the issue at a price to be determined,
                    normally with a minimum requirement to complete the underwriting. An
                    underwriting group may also be formed on a standby basis in which there is a
                    commitment to buy the securities if called upon.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.113" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.113</b> Underwriting
                    subjects the broker-dealer to substantial risks. A broker-dealer underwriting
                    securities on a firm-commitment basis is required to buy a portion of the
                    positions offered. This results in the need to finance unsold portions and
                    assume the market risk of ownership. In addition, the broker-dealer may be held
                    liable to the purchasers of the securities under the 1933 Act. The statute holds
                    all persons (including underwriters) connected with a registration statement
                    responsible for any material misstatements contained in the registration
                    statement. An underwriting also exposes the broker-dealer to the risk that its
                    customers or other group members who had committed to buy the securities being
                    underwritten may refuse to honor the transactions.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.114" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.114</b> Because the
                    value of a new issue of securities and the liability for successful marketing
                    may be too great for any one dealer, group accounts or syndicates may be formed
                    to spread the risk. In addition, selling groups, which may include
                    broker-dealers other than members of the underwriting group, are sometimes
                    formed to obtain wider distribution of the new issue.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.115" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.115</b> The liability
                    of the underwriting group may be divided or undivided. If it is divided, each
                    member of the group has a specified maximum liability to buy a certain number of
                    shares of stock or principal amount of bonds. If it is undivided, each member of
                    the underwriting group has a designated percentage liability for unsold
                    securities.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.116" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.116</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Advisory services</i>. Broker-dealers provide advisory
                    services for which they receive fee income. These may include consulting on
                    mergers and acquisitions, reorganizations, tender offers, leveraged buyouts,
                    conversions, swaps, and the pricing of securities to be issued. Fees for these
                    services are generally determined by the transaction size and are often
                    contingent upon results, which may not be final until after the services are
                    completed. In addition, broker-dealers may earn fees by advising investment
                    company asset managers about mutual fund assets and the distribution and
                    maintenance of mutual fund shares.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.117" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.117</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Private placements</i>. Broker-dealers may also arrange
                    the private placement of securities by business or government entities. Private
                    placements are usually conducted on a best-efforts, agency basis and, therefore,
                    expose the placement agent to less risk than that associated with the
                    underwriting liability of a public offering. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Private
                        placements</i> are distributions of securities that do not involve
                    public offerings. Typically, private placements are sold to accredited investors
                    and qualified institutional buyers and, hence, do not require a registration
                    statement to be filed with the SEC. The securities involved in private
                    placements can be either an initial issuance or a resale of previously issued
                    securities and are generally restricted regarding subsequent resale. For
                    example, they may require registration under state and federal securities laws
                    prior to resale or an opinion of counsel providing an exemption from
                    registration requirements. The company's history, size, stability, and cash
                    needs are factors in determining when the use of a private placement of debt or
                    equity securities might be preferable to registering securities for sale to the
                    public. In many instances, the expertise of the broker-dealer may be essential
                    in analyzing the company's activities and requirements in order to determine the
                    kind of securities to be offered and to assist in structuring the placement to
                    enhance marketability. Because private placements are usually conducted on a
                    best-efforts, agency basis by a broker-dealer, maximum consideration is normally
                    given to locating an investor or a relatively small group of investors whose
                    investment objectives closely parallel the expectations of the issuer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.118" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.118</b> The SEC
                    adopted Rule 144A <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="12" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-footnote-idm53392888902520" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">In July 2013, the SEC issued a final rule which amends SEC Rule 144A.
                            See Release No. 33-9415, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Eliminating the
                                Prohibition Against General Solicitation and General Advertising in
                                Rule 506 and Rule 144A Offerings</i>. Simultaneously, the SEC
                            issued a proposed rule to further amend the related rules. See Release
                            No. 33-9416, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Amendments to Regulation D, Form D
                                and Rule 156 under the Securities Act</i>. As of the
                            publication date of this guide, this rule has not been finalized. See
                                <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd3/aag-brd3.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2">chapter 3</xref>, “Regulatory Considerations,” for more
                            information.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd1_investment_banking.dita#UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-ee037930-8116-8404-669f-64c0582adcd4/UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-footnote-idm53392888902520"/>
         </ph> to provide a safe-harbor exemption from the registration
                    requirements of the 1933 Act for the resale of private placements when the
                    resale is made to a qualified institutional buyer. Broker-dealers can qualify as
                    institutional buyers if they own and invest on a discretionary basis at least
                    $10 million in the securities of unaffiliated issuers. Broker-dealers with less
                    than $10 million may buy securities as riskless principals for clients that are
                    themselves qualified institutional buyers.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>