<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-1e32f073-9e8d-3def-215b-c9e5b41ea060" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Soft-Dollar Arrangements</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.115" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.115</b> According to
                    the FASB ASC Master Glossary, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">soft-dollar
                        arrangements</i> are arrangements in which a broker-dealer provides
                    research to a customer in return for trade order flow (a certain volume of
                    trades) from that customer. As noted in FASB ASC 940-20-05-4, these arrangements
                    generate commission income for the broker-dealer. Many of these agreements are
                    oral, and the value of the research to be provided is typically based on a
                    percentage of commission income. Soft-dollar customers are typically
                    institutional investors or money managers. Soft-dollar research may be generated
                    either internally by the broker-dealer or purchased by the broker-dealer from a
                    third party. Because soft-dollar arrangements vary by broker-dealer and
                    sometimes by customer, each arrangement needs to be evaluated using the criteria
                    in FASB ASC 606. <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_background2.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-825cb02d-8c6f-9ea7-e361-4523ea15de06/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.62">Paragraphs 5.6.62–5.6.77</xref> of chapter 5 of AICPA Audit and Accounting
                    Guide <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Revenue Recognition</i> (as published in
                    2022) contain the related revenue recognition implementation issue for brokers
                    and dealers in securities applying FASB ASC 606 (see <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-375c6040-7d22-2d64-683b-7f75bd2d5ea5/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.136">paragraph 5.136</xref> of this chapter). This content is presented in the
                    “Revenue Streams” section under the heading “<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_soft_dollars.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-0cff9b99-9de5-1589-08f4-0f6f35d3148b">Soft Dollars</xref>.”</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.116" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.116</b> Since the
                    1970s, when soft dollars were first used, some broker-dealers and money managers
                    have used soft dollars to cover transactions or expenses not associated with
                    research. These types of transactions are governed by Section 28(e) of the
                    Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which allows the paying of a brokerage
                    commission if the manager determines in good faith that the commission is
                    reasonable in relation to the value of the brokerage and research services
                    provided.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.117" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.117</b> In 2006, the
                    SEC published final interpretative guidance (Release No. 34-54165, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Commission Guidance Regarding Client Commission Practices
                        Under Section 28(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934</i>)
                    regarding the “soft-dollar” safe harbor of Section 28(e) of the Securities
                    Exchange Act of 1934. The release more clearly defines the boundaries of
                    permissible “research” and “brokerage” products under the safe harbor.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.118" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.118</b> FASB ASC
                    940-20-25-3 explains that at the date of the statement of financial condition,
                    the broker-dealer should analyze both the commission income generated from
                    soft-dollar customers and the research provided to the soft-dollar customers to
                    determine whether a liability should be accrued for research due to customers
                    based on the commission income generated or whether any soft-dollar expenses
                    have been prepaid and need to be deferred.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.119" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.119</b> The
                    realizability of any prepaid expenses should be evaluated as of the financial
                    statement date in accordance with FASB ASC 606.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>