<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-7a9a5380-8716-0233-7444-5526154f706d" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Clearance</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.44" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.44</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Purchases and sales</i>. The purchase and sales
                    (P&amp;S) department processes customer and proprietary orders and is
                    responsible for the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Recording P&amp;S transactions if that is not done automatically
                            through the order entry process.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Preparing confirmations of securities transactions.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Comparing transactions with other broker-dealers and clearing
                            organizations and computing commissions, taxes, and other fees.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Resolving breaks with other broker-dealers and clearing
                            organizations.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.45" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.45</b> Some of the
                    control and monitoring activities typically associated with the P&amp;S
                    department include the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Comparing the total number of orders entered with the total number of
                            orders on the trade-date blotter, and reconciling any differences (for
                            instance, canceled trades, limit orders not executed, and
                            rejects).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Comparing all transactions cleared through clearing organizations with
                            clearing organization contract sheets or electronically through IT
                            interfaces (including electronic communications networks) and comparing
                            all broker-to-broker transactions with confirmations received from the
                            contra broker-dealer.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Aggregating the adjustments between trade-date blotters (such as T/D +
                            1 and T/D + 2) on a daily basis and using them to reconcile those
                            blotters.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Tracing all totals on the settlement blotters to the general
                            ledger.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Prohibiting P&amp;S personnel from obtaining access to customer
                            accounts, stock records, margin records, the cashier's department, and
                            the mailing department through systems or other processes.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Comparing order tickets on a test basis with entries on the trade-date
                            blotter, and recomputing commissions, taxes, and other fees.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Balancing principal transactions with customers internally against the
                            firm trading accounts with exceptions promptly entered into the suspense
                            file and investigated.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Balancing presettlement customer and streetside transactions daily, to
                            ensure that balance entries are posted to the general ledger and stock
                            record.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing, aging, and reporting to appropriate officials concerning
                            open P&amp;S suspense items because suspended trades represent potential
                            fails, "don't knows," unknown inventory positions, or financing costs on
                            a periodic basis (preferably daily).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Agreeing amounts and account distributions on the settlement blotter
                            to general ledger entries.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Summarizing on exception reports and actively reviewing "as of"
                            transactions and "canceled and corrected" transactions.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Sending trade confirmations to customers, generally before settlement
                            date, and reporting any misstatements noted by customers.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>