<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-5d6a51ed-cafd-18cc-eda7-20cccc073944" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Relevant Ethical Requirements</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-5d6a51ed-cafd-18cc-eda7-20cccc073944_pra-sqcs_1.10" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.10</b> The purpose of the
                relevant ethical requirements element of a system of quality control is to provide
                the firm with reasonable assurance that the firm and its personnel comply with
                relevant ethical requirements when discharging professional responsibilities.
                Relevant ethical requirements include independence, integrity, and objectivity.
                Establishing and maintaining policies such as the following assist the firm in
                obtaining this assurance:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Require that personnel adhere to relevant ethical requirements such as
                        those in regulations, interpretations, and rules of the AICPA, state CPA
                        societies, state boards of accountancy, state statutes, the U.S. Government
                        Accountability Office, and any other applicable regulators.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Establish procedures to communicate independence requirements to firm
                        personnel and, where applicable, others subject to them.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Establish procedures to identify and evaluate possible threats to
                        independence and objectivity, including the familiarity threat that may be
                        created by using the same senior personnel on an audit or attest engagement
                        over a long period of time, and to take appropriate action to eliminate
                        those threats or reduce them to an acceptable level by applying
                        safeguards.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Require that the firm withdraw from the engagement if effective safeguards
                        to reduce threats to independence to an acceptable level cannot be
                        applied.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Require written confirmation, at least annually, of compliance with the
                        firm’s policies and procedures on independence from all firm personnel
                        required to be independent by relevant requirements.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Establish procedures for confirming the independence of another firm or
                        firm personnel in associated member firms who perform part of the
                        engagement. This would apply to national firm personnel, foreign firm
                        personnel, and foreign-associated firms. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
                  <fn callout="2" id="UUID-5d6a51ed-cafd-18cc-eda7-20cccc073944-pra-sqcs-1-fn2" class="- topic/fn ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">foreign-associated firm</i> is a
                                firm domiciled outside of the United States and its territories that
                                is a member of, correspondent with, or similarly associated with an
                                international firm or international association of firms.</p>
                  </fn>
                  <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="pra-sqcs_1_relevant_ethical_requirements.dita#UUID-5d6a51ed-cafd-18cc-eda7-20cccc073944/UUID-5d6a51ed-cafd-18cc-eda7-20cccc073944-pra-sqcs-1-fn2"/>
               </ph>
            </p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Require the rotation of personnel for audit or attest engagements where
                        regulatory or other authorities require such rotation after a specified
                        period.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>