<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-4a67e74f-8e38-5d64-e594-18f44719eb73" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Definition of Fair Value</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">Definition of <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Fair
                        Value</i>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.06" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.06</b> FASB ASC
                    820-10-20 defines <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">fair value</i> as the price
                    that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an
                    orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. FASB
                    ASC 820-10-35-5 states that a fair value measurement assumes that the
                    transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in
                    the principal market for the asset or liability or, in the absence of a
                    principal market, in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
                    The FASB ASC Master Glossary defines the <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">principal
                        market</i> as the market with the greatest volume and level of
                    activity for the asset or liability. The reporting entity must have access to
                    the principal (or most advantageous) market at the measurement date. Because
                    different entities with different activities may have access to different
                    markets, the principal or most advantageous market for the same asset or
                    liability might be different for different entities (and business within those
                    entities). The principal market (and, thus, market participants) should be
                    considered from the perspective of the reporting entity, thereby allowing for
                    differences between and among entities with different activities.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.07" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.07</b> FASB ASC
                    820-10-05-1B notes that fair value is a market-based measurement, not an
                    entity-specific measurement. For some assets and liabilities, observable market
                    transactions or market information might be available, but for others, that
                    information might not be available. However, the objective of a fair value
                    measurement in both cases is the same — to estimate the price at which an
                    orderly transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability would take place
                    between market participants at the measurement date under current market
                    conditions (that is, an exit price at the measurement date from the perspective
                    of a market participant that holds the asset or owes the liability).
                    Conceptually, entry prices and exit prices are different. However, FASB ASC
                    820-10-30-3 explains that, in many cases, at initial recognition, the
                    transaction price will equal fair value (for example, when the transaction takes
                    place in the market in which the asset would be sold).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.08" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.08</b> Paragraphs 9B–9C
                    of FASB ASC 820-10-35 provide that the price should not be adjusted for
                    transaction costs. Transaction costs do not include transportation costs. If
                    location is a characteristic of the asset (for example, for a commodity), the
                    price should be adjusted for the costs, if any, that would be incurred to
                    transport the asset from its current location to its principal (or most
                    advantageous) market.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>