<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-d39c52c5-a413-966a-f81c-9688c2c23d57" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Disclosures of Certain Significant Risks and Uncertainties and
                    Contingencies</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393230982516" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.135</b> FASB ASC 275, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Risks and Uncertainties</i>, requires entities to
                    include in their financial statements disclosures about risks and uncertainties
                    existing as of the date of the financial statements. Two of the areas of
                    disclosure are (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>) the nature of their
                    operations and (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>) the use of estimates in
                    the preparation of their financial statements. Following are illustrations of
                    the application of these disclosure requirements by a broker-dealer:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Nature of operations</i>. Standard
                            broker-dealer operates seven branches in rural and suburban communities
                            in Minnesota and Nebraska. The broker-dealer's primary source of revenue
                            is providing brokerage services to customers who are predominately small
                            and middle-market businesses and middle-income individuals.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Use of estimates in the preparation of
                                financial statements</i>. The preparation of financial
                            statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates
                            and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
                            liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the
                            date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues
                            and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
                            from those estimates.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393230967208" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.136</b> If specified disclosure criteria are
                    met, FASB ASC 275 also requires entities to include in their financial
                    statements disclosures about (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>) certain
                    significant estimates and (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>) current
                    vulnerability due to certain concentrations. The following paragraphs contain a
                    discussion of the application of FASB ASC 275 by an entity to exemplify events
                    and circumstances that meet the disclosure criteria.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393230961756" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.137</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Certain
                        significant estimates</i>. Paragraphs 7–8 of FASB ASC 275-10-50
                    require disclosure regarding estimates used in the determination of the carrying
                    amounts of assets or liabilities or disclosure of gain or loss contingencies if
                    known information available prior to issuance of the financial statements
                    indicates that both of the following criteria are met:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect on
                            the financial statements of a condition, situation, or set of
                            circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements will
                            change in the near term due to one or more future confirming
                            events.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The effect of the change would be material to the financial
                            statements.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393230955908" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.138</b> FASB ASC 275-10-50-9 states that the
                    disclosure should indicate the nature of the uncertainty and include an
                    indication that it is at least reasonably possible that a change in the estimate
                    will occur in the near term.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393230950788" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.139</b> If the estimate involves a loss
                    contingency covered by FASB ASC 450-20, the disclosure should also include an
                    estimate of the possible loss or range of loss, or state that such an estimate
                    cannot be made. Paragraphs 3–4 of FASB ASC 450-20-50 state that disclosure of
                    the contingency should be made if there is at least a reasonable possibility
                    that a loss or an additional loss may have been incurred and either of the
                    following conditions exists:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">An accrual is not made for a loss contingency because any of the
                            conditions in FASB ASC 450-20-25-2 are not met.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">An exposure to loss exists in excess of the amount accrued pursuant to
                            the provisions of FASB ASC 450-20-30-1.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Such disclosure should include the nature of the contingency and an estimate
                    of the possible loss or range of loss or should state that such an estimate
                    cannot be made.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393230944326" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.140</b> Examples of uncertainties that may
                    fall into one or more of these categories found at certain broker-dealers
                    include the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Significant trading inventory positions that were valued as of a
                            specific time</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Estimates made regarding the value of securities in markets that are
                            not active (such as valuations made in good faith by management)</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393230938764" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.141</b> FASB ASC 275-10-50-15 gives examples
                    of assets and liabilities and related revenues and expenses and of disclosure of
                    gain or loss contingencies included in financial statements that, based on facts
                    and circumstances existing at the date of the financial statements, may be based
                    on estimates that are particularly sensitive to change in the near term.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393230932402" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.142</b> Besides valuations of securities
                    made by management, examples of similar estimates often included in
                    broker-dealers' financial statements include the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Impairment of long-lived assets (for example, assets related to
                            marginal branches)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Estimates involving assumed prepayments (for example, mortgage-related
                            derivatives)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Lives of identifiable intangible assets</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Expenses allocated by a parent and/or affiliated entities</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393230926472" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.143</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Current
                        vulnerability due to certain concentrations</i>. FASB ASC
                    275-10-50-16 requires entities to disclose the concentrations described in FASB
                    ASC 275-10-50-18 if, based on information known to management prior to issuance
                    of the financial statements, all of the following criteria are met:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The concentration exists at the date of the financial
                            statements.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The concentration makes the entity vulnerable to the risk of a
                            near-term severe impact.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">It is at least reasonably possible that the events that could cause
                            the severe impact will occur in the near term.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393230919378" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.144</b> FASB ASC 275-10-50-18 states that
                    concentrations, including known group concentrations, described in the following
                    list require disclosure if they meet the criteria of FASB ASC 275-10-50-16.
                    (Group concentrations exist if a number of counterparties or items that have
                    similar economic characteristics collectively expose the reporting entity to a
                    particular kind of risk.) Some concentrations may fall into more than one of the
                    following categories:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Concentrations in the volume of business
                                transacted with a particular customer, supplier, lender, grantor, or
                                contributor</i>. The potential for the severe impact can
                            result, for example, from total or partial loss of the business
                            relationship. For purposes of this topic, it is always considered at
                            least reasonably possible that any customer will be lost in the near
                            term.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Concentrations in revenue from particular
                                products, services, or fund-raising events.</i> The potential
                            for the severe impact can result, for example, from volume or price
                            changes or the loss of patent protection for the particular source of
                            revenue.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Concentrations in the available sources of
                                supply of materials, labor, or services or of licenses or other
                                rights used in the entity's operations</i>. The potential for
                            the severe impact can result, for example, from changes in the
                            availability to the entity of a resource or right.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Concentrations in the market or geographic
                                area in which an entity conducts its operations</i>. The
                            potential for the severe impact can result, for example, from the
                            negative effects of the economic and political forces within the market
                            or geographic area. For purposes of this topic, it is always considered
                            at least reasonably possible that operations located outside an entity's
                            home country will be disrupted in the near term.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393230912722" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.145</b> Examples of concentrations found at
                    a broker-dealer that could meet the criteria requiring disclosure described in
                    FASB ASC 275-10-50-18 include a significant portion of revenue that is earned
                    from bond underwritings to a particular municipality or from a limited number of
                    customers.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>