<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-1a419755-bed9-9ad9-66ac-d0cf5c8f0791" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Principal Transactions</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.53" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.53</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Firm trading</i>. Many broker-dealers buy and sell
                    securities and over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives in their capacity as dealers
                    and as part of various positioning strategies that attempt to generate profits
                    by anticipating future market movements. These dealer and positioning strategies
                    are collectively referred to as firm trading. Given the volatility of the
                    financial markets, proper control and monitoring activities over firm trading
                    activities are critical. Some of the control and monitoring activities that are
                    typically associated with firm trading generally include the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Monitoring the internal testing and review of high-frequency trading
                            algorithms prior to implementation.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Establishing and monitoring overall position limits, as well as
                            separate limits for each trader and product.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Comparing trade tickets to the daily transaction information recorded
                            on the firm's books and records.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Time stamping or electronic monitoring of trade tickets at the time a
                            transaction is received and executed.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing cancel and correction trade ticket adjustments.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Sending trade confirmations to each counterparty.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing and verifying all confirmations received from
                            counterparties.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing suppressed trades and aged trade confirmations.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Daily monitoring positions and trading gains and losses by each trader
                            on a trade-date basis.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Independently calculating and reconciling trading desk records, which
                            are maintained on a trade-date basis, to the accounting department
                            records on a daily basis.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Periodically, independently reviewing the fair value and
                            mark-to-market exposure of firm trading positions (see <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd4/aag-brd4_broker_dealer_control_and/aag-brd4_principal_transactions/aag-brd4_principal_transactions.dita#UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-1a419755-bed9-9ad9-66ac-d0cf5c8f0791/UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.55">paragraph 4.55</xref> of this chapter for further details).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing, at an appropriate management level, reports of all aged
                            positions.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing, at an appropriate management level, reports of position
                            concentrations.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Recording traders' phone conversations with counterparties.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing the automated comparison of settled positions on the firm
                            inventory system versus positions on the stock record on a daily
                            basis.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Balancing principal transactions conducted with the broker-dealer's
                            customers on a daily basis.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing the pending trades file.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Performing reconciliations between the front-end trading systems and
                            the general ledger.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.54" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.54</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Underwriting</i>. A broker-dealer may act as a manager,
                    co-manager, or syndicate member in the underwriting of public or private
                    offerings of securities. Many of the control and monitoring activities related
                    to firm trading also serve as control and monitoring activities over
                    underwriting activities. Some additional control and monitoring activities
                    typically associated with the underwriting function include the
                    following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Maintaining the subscription records for the underwriting and
                            receiving from members of the buying and selling groups reports of
                            orders from their customers, so that the managing underwriter knows the
                            status of the offering at all times.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Separately accounting for the revenue and expenses of the
                            syndicate.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Aging and separately maintaining on a deal-by-deal basis amounts
                            receivable or payable that are recorded on the broker-dealer's books
                            pursuant to an underwriting.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Considering period-end cut-off in recording any true-ups to accruals
                            following transaction settlement.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Maintaining a list of open contractual commitments and a pipeline of
                            deals for moment-to-moment net capital purposes. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
                  <fn callout="4" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad-footnote-idm53393074245410" class="- topic/fn ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">See SEC Rule 15c3-1 interpretations that describe the evidence
                                    necessary to close a contractual commitment (settled
                                    transactions or bona fide sales agreements based on FINRA
                                    Regulatory Notice 21-27).</p>
                  </fn>
                  <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd4_principal_transactions.dita#UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-1a419755-bed9-9ad9-66ac-d0cf5c8f0791/UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad-footnote-idm53393074245410"/>
               </ph>
            </p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.55" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.55</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Reporting fair value</i>. Management is responsible for
                    having controls in place in order to adequately determine the fair value of
                    securities held on a day-to-day basis and at the end of a reporting period. Some
                    of the control and monitoring activities typically associated with calculating
                    and reporting the fair value of financial instruments include the
                    following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Employing personnel who are involved in the determination of fair
                            value and are experienced with the products and pricing methodologies
                            used.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Establishing and maintaining a pricing validation group that is
                            independent from the front office, which reviews securities valuation by
                            comparing pricing or other input data from multiple sources, reviews
                            valuations based on established tolerances, analyzes day-to-day
                            movements in valuation for unusual activity, and evaluates stale
                            data.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Establishing and maintaining a model validation group for securities
                            held by broker-dealers that are complex or for which there is limited
                            market data available. The model validation group supervisor performs a
                            review of significant inputs and other parameters and is independent
                            from the front office.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Ensuring policies and procedures are in place to review and approve
                            new valuation models, or changes to existing valuation models.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Periodically revalidating outputs of valuation models to ensure the
                            models still function as intended.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reporting results of independent pricing and model verifications to
                            senior management and financial reporting departments for review.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Periodically reconciling automated data feeds to source data.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Monitoring credit events or other market trends that may indicate a
                            change in previous fair value calculations.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Periodically analyzing unrealized gains and losses for unusual
                            activity.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Performing an analysis of the classification of securities as level 1,
                            2, or 3 within the fair value hierarchy based on a verification of the
                            observability of pricing inputs. See FASB <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting Standards Codification</i> (ASC) 820, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Fair Value Measurement</i>.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>