<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-36b93069-418f-360e-617e-fd22a8bcb986_UUID-8bfd7b2b-8526-918c-7c70-3dd983b80a6b" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Accounting for the Hedged Item in Fair Value Hedges of Interest
                        Rate Risk</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">In some cases, current GAAP contains limitations on how an entity can
                        designate the hedged item in a fair value hedge of interest rate risk. In
                        other cases, current GAAP contains limitations on how an entity can measure
                        changes in fair value of the hedged item attributable to interest rate risk
                        in certain fair value hedging relationships. Those limitations may not align
                        with an entity’s risk management strategies or the way in which interest
                        rate risk can be hedged in the cash flow hedging model. To resolve those
                        issues, the amendments in this ASU change the guidance for designating fair
                        value hedges of interest rate risk and for measuring the change in fair
                        value of the hedged item in fair value hedges of interest rate risk.
                        Specifically, the amendments:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Permit an entity to measure the change in fair value of the hedged
                                item on the basis of the benchmark rate component of the contractual
                                coupon cash flows determined at hedge inception, rather than on the
                                full contractual coupon cash flows as required by current
                                GAAP.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Permit an entity to measure the hedged item in a partial-term fair
                                value hedge of interest rate risk by assuming the hedged item has a
                                term that reflects only the designated cash flows being hedged.
                                Current GAAP does not allow this methodology when calculating the
                                change in the fair value of the hedged item attributable to interest
                                rate risk.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">For prepayable financial instruments, permit an entity to consider
                                only how changes in the benchmark interest rate affect a decision to
                                settle a debt instrument before its scheduled maturity in
                                calculating the change in the fair value of the hedged item
                                attributable to interest rate risk.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">For a closed portfolio of prepayable financial assets or one or
                                more beneficial interests secured by a portfolio of prepayable
                                financial instruments, permit an entity to designate an amount that
                                is not expected to be affected by prepayments, defaults, and other
                                events affecting the timing and amount of cash flows (the
                                "last-of-layer" method). Under this designation, prepayment risk is
                                not incorporated into the measurement of the hedged item.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>