<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-51604cf7-629f-56ba-235a-d5ab1d073bbb" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Electronic Communication Network</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.43" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.43</b> An <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">electronic communication network (ECN)</i>, a type
                        of alternative trading system, is an electronic system that brings buyers
                        and sellers together for the electronic execution of trades. ECNs are
                        required to be registered with the SEC and may be registered as either a
                        dealer or an exchange. Those who subscribe to ECNs (generally, institutional
                        investors, broker-dealers, and market makers) can place trades directly on
                        the ECN, typically using limit orders. ECNs post orders on their system for
                        other subscribers to view. The ECN will then automatically match orders for
                        execution. If a subscriber wants to buy a stock through an ECN, but there
                        are no sell orders to match the buy order, the order cannot be executed
                        until a matching sell order comes in. If the order is placed through an ECN
                        during regular trading hours, an ECN that cannot find a match may send the
                        order to another market center (for example, the NYSE or Nasdaq) for
                        execution.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.44" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.44</b> The benefits
                        investors get from trading with an ECN include speed; trading after hours;
                        real-time display of orders (whereas on the NYSE, most investors are limited
                        to viewing the best bid-and-ask prices); ability to trade among themselves
                        without having to go through an intermediary (smaller spreads, lower
                        commissions, better price executions); and anonymity (which is often
                        important for large trades).</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>