<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-36b93069-418f-360e-617e-fd22a8bcb986_UUID-5987492d-f5c4-54f8-a0fb-b33bcc815624" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">FASB ASU No. 2019-04</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">In April 2019, FASB issued ASU No. 2019-04 to clarify, correct, and
                        improve various aspects of the guidance in ASU Nos. 2016-01, 2016-13, and
                        2017-12 related to financial instruments. The discussion herein will only
                        address those amendments related to ASU No. 2016-13. Amendments related to
                        ASU No. 2016-01 and ASU No. 2017-12 will be addressed in separate sections
                        of this appendix.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">ASU No. 2019-04 clarifies certain aspects of the amendments in ASU No.
                        2016-13 as follows:</p>
      <ul class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accrued interest</i>. The
                                amendments to FASB ASC 326-20 allow an entity to do the
                                following:</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Measure the allowance for credit losses on accrued
                                        interest receivable balances separately from other
                                        components of the amortized cost basis of associated
                                        financial assets.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Make an accounting policy election not to measure an
                                        allowance for credit losses on accrued interest receivable
                                        amounts if an entity writes off the uncollectible accrued
                                        interest receivable balance in a timely manner and makes
                                        certain disclosures.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Make an accounting policy election to write off accrued
                                        interest amounts by reversing interest income or recognizing
                                        credit loss expense, or a combination of both. The entity
                                        also is required to make certain disclosures.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Make an accounting policy election to present accrued
                                        interest receivable balances and the related allowance for
                                        credit losses for those accrued interest receivable balances
                                        separately from the associated financial assets on the
                                        balance sheet. If the accrued interest receivable balances
                                        and the related allowance for credit losses are not
                                        presented as a separate line item on the balance sheet, an
                                        entity should disclose the amount of accrued interest
                                        receivable balances and the related allowance for credit
                                        losses and where the balance is presented.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Elect a practical expedient to disclose separately the
                                        total amount of accrued interest included in the amortized
                                        cost basis as a single balance to meet certain disclosure
                                        requirements.</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Transfers between classification or
                                    categories for loans and debt securities.</i> The
                                amendments require that an entity reverse in earnings any allowance
                                for credit losses or valuation allowance previously measured on a
                                loan or debt security, reclassify and transfer the loan or debt
                                security to the new classification or category, and apply the
                                applicable measurement guidance in accordance with the new
                                classification or category.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Recoveries.</i> The amendments
                                clarify that an entity should include recoveries when estimating the
                                allowance for credit losses. In addition, expected recoveries of
                                amounts previously written off and expected to be written off should
                                be included in the valuation account and should not exceed the
                                aggregate of amounts previously written off and expected to be
                                written off by the entity. For collateral-dependent financial
                                assets, an allowance for credit losses that is added to the
                                amortized cost basis of the financial assets should not exceed
                                amounts previously written off.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Conforming amendments.</i>
                                Correction of incorrect cross-referencing and further clarification
                                surrounding the equity method losses allocation guidance.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Clarification that reinsurance
                                    recoverables are within the scope of FASB ASC 326-20.</i>
                                The amendment clarifies FASB’s intent to include all reinsurance
                                recoverables within the scope of FASB ASC 944 within the scope of
                                FASB ASC 326-20, regardless of the measurement basis of those
                                recoverables.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Projections of interest rate environments
                                    for variable-rate financial instruments.</i> The
                                amendments clarify FASB’s intent to provide flexibility in
                                determining the allowance for credit losses by removing the
                                prohibition of using projections of future interest rate
                                environments when using a discounted cash flow method to measure
                                expected credit losses on variable-rate financial instruments.
                                Furthermore, an entity that uses projections or expectations of
                                future interest rate environments in estimating expected cash flows
                                should use the same assumptions in determining the effective
                                interest rate used to discount those expected cash flows. The
                                amendments also clarify that if an entity uses projections of future
                                interest rate environments when using a discounted cash flow method
                                to measure expected credit losses on variable-rate financial
                                instruments, it also should adjust the effective interest rate to
                                consider the timing (and changes in the timing) of expected cash
                                flows resulting from expected prepayments.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Consideration of prepayments in
                                    determining the effective interest rate.</i> The
                                amendments permit an entity to make an accounting policy election to
                                adjust the effective interest rate used to discount expected future
                                cash flows for expected prepayments on financial assets within the
                                scope of FASB ASC 326-20 and on available-for-sale debt securities
                                within the scope of FASB ASC 326-20 to appropriately isolate credit
                                risk in determining the allowance for credit losses. Furthermore, an
                                entity should not adjust the effective interest rate used to
                                discount expected cash flows for subsequent changes in expected
                                prepayment if the financial asset is restructured in a TDR.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Consideration of estimated costs to sell
                                    when foreclosure is probable.</i> The amendments clarify
                                the guidance in FASB ASC 326-20-35-4 by specifically requiring that
                                an entity consider the estimated costs to sell if it intends to sell
                                rather than operate the collateral when the entity determines that
                                foreclosure on a financial asset is probable. Additionally, when an
                                entity adjusts the fair value of collateral for the estimated costs
                                to sell, the estimated costs to sell should be undiscounted if the
                                entity intends to sell rather than operate the collateral.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Vintage disclosures — line-of-credit
                                    arrangements converted to term loans.</i> The amendments
                                require that an entity present the amortized cost basis of
                                line-of-credit arrangements that are converted to term loans in a
                                separate column.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Contractual extensions and
                                    renewals.</i> The amendments clarify that an entity
                                should consider extension or renewal options (excluding those that
                                are accounted for as derivatives in accordance with FASB ASC 815,
                                    <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Derivatives and Hedging</i>) that
                                are included in the original or modified contract at the reporting
                                date and are not unconditionally cancellable by the entity.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>