<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-6c2f43cf-e482-58c7-bb10-63c33bd4a670" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Financial Instruments Listed on a Recognized Exchange</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.41" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.41</b> Ordinarily,
                    management values a financial instrument traded on a recognized exchange
                    (Nasdaq, for example) based on quotations of completed transactions. This is
                    consistent with the guidance in FASB ASC 820. A financial instrument traded on a
                    recognized exchange on the valuation date is usually valued at the last quoted
                    sales price. Such prices are published daily. In the case of a financial
                    instrument listed on more than one recognized exchange, the financial instrument
                    is valued at the last quoted sales price on the exchange on which the financial
                    instrument is principally traded. A financial instrument traded primarily on
                    foreign exchanges is valued at the U.S. dollar equivalent, generally at the
                    closing sales price on the principal exchange where it is traded.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.42" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.42</b> Paragraphs 5–6A
                    of FASB ASC 820-10-35 state that in the absence of a principal market, the most
                    advantageous market is used. In either case, the principal (or most
                    advantageous) market should be considered from the perspective of the reporting
                    entity, thereby allowing for differences between and among entities with
                    different activities. If there is a principal market for the asset or liability,
                    the fair value measurement should represent the price in that market (whether
                    that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation
                    technique), even if the price in a different market is potentially more
                    advantageous at the measurement date.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.43" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.43</b> The FASB ASC
                    Master Glossary defines <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">level 1 inputs</i> as
                    quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
                    that the reporting entity has the ability to access at the measurement date.
                    FASB ASC 820-10-35-41 states that a quoted price in an active market provides
                    the most reliable evidence of fair value and should be used without adjustment
                    to measure fair value whenever available, except as specified in FASB ASC
                    820-10-35-41C. In the event that a market price is not representative of fair
                    value due to significant events that occur after the close of the market but
                    before the measurement date, the entity should establish and consistently apply
                    a policy for identifying those events that might affect fair value
                    measurement.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.44" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.44</b> Broker-dealers
                    generally value their portfolios at the time of the close of trading on the
                    principal exchange on which the financial instruments are traded. Related
                    financial instruments may be traded in tandem (for example, as part of an
                    arbitrage-trading strategy whose profitability is determined by the relative
                    value of the financial instruments). It is appropriate to review the prices
                    occurring on different exchanges or in different markets for all the individual
                    financial instruments in the trading strategy at a given time in order to assign
                    the proper value to all securities encompassed in that financial
                    strategy.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.45" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.45</b> According to
                    FASB ASC 820-10-35-24, a reporting entity should use valuation techniques that
                    are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data are available
                    to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and
                    minimizing the use of unobservable inputs. See the “<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_accounting_model/aag-brd5_valuation_techniques/aag-brd5_valuation_techniques.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-e8ddce7f-acb8-ae38-d5ef-5830f94231d9">Valuation Techniques</xref>” section of this chapter.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>