<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-06d63e5e-29f1-15cf-9e17-d3a04ac0efda" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Broker-Dealers</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.04" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.04</b> Pursuant to the
                Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (1934 Act), the SEC developed a comprehensive system
                to regulate broker-dealers and the securities industry in general. As a result, most
                broker-dealers in securities are subject to regulation by the SEC.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.05" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.05</b> On July 30, 2013,
                the SEC amended Rule 17a-5, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Reports to Be Made by Certain
                    Brokers and Dealers</i>, to require that audits of all broker-dealers'
                financial statements and supplemental information, as well as the auditor's
                examination of the compliance report or the auditor's review of the exemption
                report, be conducted in accordance with PCAOB standards, effective for fiscal years
                ending on or after June 1, 2014. In conjunction with these changes, the PCAOB issued
                    <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps-pcaob/auditing_reorganized/as_audit_procedures/as_2700/as_2701/as_2701.dita#UUID-b0351d87-304c-2f75-f6fa-b32f28c24a10">AS 2701</xref>, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Auditing Supplemental Information Accompanying
                    Audited Financial Statements</i>, <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="2" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-aag-brd1-fn2" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">All AS sections can be found in <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">
                     <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps-pcaob.dita#UUID-31f351fd-04cd-2975-d7ef-2e4f833a3071">PCAOB Standards and Related Rules</xref>
                     <unknown id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_N661755d1886b3" class="- topic/unknown ">PCAOB Standards and Related
                            Rules</unknown>
                  </i>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd1_brokers_and_dealers.dita#UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-06d63e5e-29f1-15cf-9e17-d3a04ac0efda/UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-aag-brd1-fn2"/>
         </ph> and two attestation standards, <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps-pcaob/attestation/pcaob_pat_attestation_standards/pat_1/pat_1.dita#UUID-d837fd49-1b63-b3b4-f8d0-30207266c40e">Attestation Standard No. 1</xref>, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Examination
                    Engagements Regarding Compliance Reports of Brokers and Dealers</i>, and
                    <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps-pcaob/attestation/pcaob_pat_attestation_standards/pat_2/pat_2.dita#UUID-c320c59e-fe1a-4e52-51a1-6d70b4ff5e84">Attestation Standard No. 2</xref>, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Review Engagements
                    Regarding Exemption Reports of Brokers and Dealers</i>. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="3" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-aag-brd1-fn3" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">All PCAOB Attestation Standards can be found in <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">
                     <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps-pcaob.dita#UUID-31f351fd-04cd-2975-d7ef-2e4f833a3071">PCAOB Standards and Related Rules</xref>
                     <unknown id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_N661755d191013" class="- topic/unknown ">PCAOB Standards and Related
                            Rules</unknown>
                  </i>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd1_brokers_and_dealers.dita#UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-06d63e5e-29f1-15cf-9e17-d3a04ac0efda/UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-aag-brd1-fn3"/>
         </ph> Additionally, the PCAOB has modified its existing standards to encompass
                broker-dealers. <unknown id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_N661755d185788" class="- topic/unknown ">AS 2701</unknown>
         <unknown id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_N661755d18a72a" class="- topic/unknown ">Attestation Standard No. 1</unknown>
         <unknown id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_N661755d18de5e" class="- topic/unknown ">Attestation Standard No. 2</unknown>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.06" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.06</b> Securities
                broker-dealers perform various functions within the securities industry. Brokers
                acting as agents facilitate their customers' purchase and sale of securities and
                related financial instruments and usually charge commissions. Dealers or traders
                acting as principals buy and sell for their own accounts from and to customers and
                other dealers. Dealers typically carry an inventory and make a profit or loss on the
                spread between bid and asked prices, markups from dealer prices, or the speculative
                profit or loss from market fluctuations. Many firms are known as broker-dealers
                because they act in both capacities. The range of their activities can extend far
                beyond those described previously. For example, many broker-dealers provide
                financial services that include the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Underwriting publicly offered securities</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Assisting in the private placement of securities</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Providing investment research and advice</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Developing new financial products, including derivative products</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Providing a source of market liquidity (market makers and designated
                        market makers) and creating a secondary market for many products</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Providing loans and financings, including equity loans and mortgage
                        loans</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Providing the means for companies to hedge foreign currency, interest
                        rate, credit risk, and other risks</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Accommodating international investing, including U.S. investments in
                        foreign markets and the investment activity of foreign investors in the U.S.
                        markets</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Extending credit to customers who have bought securities on margin and to
                        business entities that need financing for mergers, acquisitions, or
                        leveraged buyouts</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Acting as a depository for securities owned by customers; disbursing to
                        customers dividends and interest received; and informing customers about
                        calls, tenders, and other reorganization activities pertaining to their
                        securities</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Serving in an advisory capacity for public and corporate finance
                        activities (such as mergers and acquisitions and leveraged buyouts) and
                        providing investment and management advisory services to individual and
                        institutional investors (for example, mutual funds, insurance companies, and
                        pensions)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Offering access to cash sweep products (such as money market funds or
                        FDIC-insured bank deposit programs)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Providing many other financial services (such as credit cards, checking
                        accounts, and insurance products)</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.07" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.07</b> Many types of
                broker-dealers exist, and they may be distinguished by the range of activities they
                perform or the geographical area in which they operate. Full-service broker-dealers
                do not restrict themselves to particular activities or services. Regional
                broker-dealers are similar but generally concentrate their activities on a specific
                geographical area. Retail broker-dealers focus on individuals, whereas institutional
                broker-dealers are primarily concerned with nonnatural persons (for example,
                corporations). Introducing broker-dealers "introduce" their customers' business — on
                an omnibus or a fully disclosed basis — to a clearing broker-dealer. Broker-dealers
                may clear or carry their own customer trades or do so for an introducing broker.
                Boutiques or specialty firms, in contrast, engage in only one or a few activities,
                such as leveraged buyouts, arbitrage, direct private placements, mergers and
                acquisitions, customer discretionary accounts, or industry-specific research.
                Broker-dealers may also be dually registered as CFTC-registered futures commission
                merchants, CFTC-registered introducing brokers, or CFTC-registered swap
                dealers.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>