<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-c362669c-430f-f3c1-79a1-89ab07baa856" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Floor-Based Exchange</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.29" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.29</b> An <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">exchange
                            market</i> is a central meeting place established to facilitate
                        trading of securities or commodities. A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">securities
                            exchange</i> is an exchange market that provides trading
                        facilities for stocks, bonds, or options. Exchange markets are generally
                        characterized as auction places where bids and offers are directed and
                        executed by brokers or designated market makers.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.30" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.30</b> Transactions in securities executed on
                        an exchange are normally initiated by a customer communicating with a
                        registered representative (salesperson or account executive) of a
                        broker-dealer to request a specified number of shares of a particular
                        security be bought or sold at a stated price or the current market price.
                        The order is usually communicated to the order room of the broker-dealer and
                        then to its floor clerk, who is stationed at the exchange that trades the
                        security. Securities transactions executed on an exchange may be in round
                        lots (units of trading, normally 100 shares as specified by the exchange
                        that lists the security) or in odd lots (quantities of less than one unit of
                        trading).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.31" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.31</b> Many broker-dealers offer trading in
                        units less than one share (fractional share). A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">fractional share</i> is ownership in less than a full share of
                        stock. Buying fractional shares helps to easily diversify a smaller
                        portfolio or invest a set dollar amount on a periodic basis.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.32" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.32</b> Once the order is conveyed to the
                        floor of the exchange, it is given by the floor clerk to a floor trader, who
                        will attempt to execute it. If the broker-dealer is not a member of the
                        particular exchange, the order is relayed to a correspondent broker who
                        executes the trade on the exchange. Once executed, the details of the
                        transaction (price, quantity, other broker with whom the transaction was
                        consummated, and so forth) are reported back to the order room of the
                        broker-dealer for transmission to the purchase and sales department. A
                        confirmation of the trade is then prepared and sent to the customer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.33" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.33</b> With the advent of advanced
                        technology, certain exchanges have provided their members with the facility
                        of direct order entry to designated market makers, in addition to other
                        electronic enhancements to trading.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.34" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.34</b> In recent years, equities markets have
                        become increasingly fragmented where shares trade on multiple exchanges and
                        alternative trading venues. For example, the New York Stock Exchange’s
                        (NYSE) share of trading in its listed stocks has declined over the last
                        several years. There are advantages and disadvantages to market
                        fragmentation.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>