<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709_UUID-730e77fa-63ec-bec6-24c1-0f1a8e9e3746" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Guidance Considered in This Edition</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">This edition of the guide has been modified by AICPA staff to include certain
                changes necessary due to the issuance of authoritative guidance since the guide was
                originally issued, and other revisions as deemed appropriate. Authoritative guidance
                issued through September 1, 2020, has been considered in the development of this
                edition of the guide. However, this guide does not include all audit, accounting,
                reporting, regulatory, and other requirements applicable to an entity or a
                particular engagement. This guide is intended to be used in conjunction with all
                applicable sources of relevant guidance.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Relevant guidance that is issued and effective on or before September 1, 2020, is
                incorporated directly in the text of this guide. Relevant guidance issued but not
                yet effective as of September 1, 2020, but becoming effective on or before December
                31, 2020, is also presented directly in the text of the guide, but shaded gray and
                accompanied by a footnote indicating the effective date of the new guidance. The
                distinct presentation of this content is intended to aid the reader in
                differentiating content that may not be effective for the reader’s purposes (as part
                of the guide’s “dual guidance” treatment of applicable new guidance).</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Relevant guidance issued but not yet effective as of the date of the guide and not
                becoming effective until after December 31, 2020 is referenced in a “guidance
                update” box, that is, a gray shaded box that contains summary information on the
                guidance issued but not yet effective.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">In updating this guide, all guidance issued up to and including the following was
                considered, but not necessarily incorporated, as determined based on
                applicability:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">FASB Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2020-06, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Debt — Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic
                            470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging — Contracts in Entity’s Own Equity
                            (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts
                            in an Entity’s Own Equity</i>
            </p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps/ad_us_auditing_standards_aicpa_clarified/ad_section_500_599/ad_540/ad_540.dita#UUID-5e295753-fd8e-ad8d-74c0-3d4d49ef0274">SAS No. 143</xref>, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Auditing Accounting
                            Estimates and Related Disclosures</i> (AU-C sec. 540) <unknown id="UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709_N661754ff5e8a0" class="- topic/unknown ">AU-C Section 540</unknown>
            </p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps/ad_us_auditing_standards_aicpa_clarified/ad_section_700_799/ad_9700/ad_9700_interpretation5/ad_9700_interpretation5.dita#UUID-022f7fb9-ab4e-1b44-6e99-9fc1b1d5cdcc_UUID-6c4475d1-4439-189d-ce42-dda4e95fe6b7">Interpretation No. 5</xref>, “Communicating Critical Audit Matters When
                        Reporting on Audits Conducted in Accordance With Auditing Standards
                        Generally Accepted in the United States of America and the Standards of the
                        PCAOB,” of AU-C section 9700. <unknown id="UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709_N661754ff608c5" class="- topic/unknown ">5.    Communicating Critical Audit Matters When
                            Reporting on Audits Conducted in Accordance With Auditing Standards
                            Generally Accepted in the United States of America and the Standards of
                            the PCAOB</unknown>
            </p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Users of this guide should consider guidance issued subsequent to those items
                listed previously to determine their effect, if any, on entities and engagements
                covered by this guide. In determining the applicability of recently issued guidance,
                its effective date should also be considered.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">The changes made to this edition of the guide are identified in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../aag-afi/aag-afi_appG/aag-afi_appG.dita#UUID-72177e73-2e84-ddff-90c1-86ec2241b971">appendix G</xref>, “Schedule of Changes Made to the Text From the Previous
                Edition.” The changes do not include all those that might be considered necessary if
                the guide were subjected to a comprehensive review and revision.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">FASB standards quoted are from the FASB <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting
                    Standards Codification</i> ©2020, Financial Accounting Foundation. All
                rights reserved. Used by permission.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>