<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-0e475f5e-578f-b26a-c562-cee102cc132e" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Control Activities</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.19" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.19</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Control activities</i> serve as a mechanism for managing
                and achieving a broker-dealer’s objectives. Control activities support one or more
                operations, reporting, and compliance objectives. The principles of control
                activities are as follows:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The organization selects and develops control activities that contribute
                        to the mitigation of risks to the achievement of objectives to acceptable
                        levels.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The organization selects and develops general control activities over
                        technology to support the achievement of objectives.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The organization deploys control activities through policies that
                        establish what is expected and procedures that put policies into
                        action.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.20" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.20</b> Control activities,
                whether automated or manual, support all the components of internal control and are
                particularly aligned with the risk assessment component at various organizational
                and functional levels. Each entity has its own set of objectives and implementation
                approaches. Each control activity is designed to accomplish a specific control
                objective for relevant business processes, information technology, and locations
                where control activities are needed. Control activities need to be designed in a way
                to ensure that duties are divided and segregated to reduce the risk of error or
                inappropriate or fraudulent actions. Control activities that directly support the
                actions to mitigate transaction processing risks usually include the
                following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Authorizations and approvals</i>. Control
                        activities intended to reasonably ensure that transactions are valid and
                        approved before they are executed and recorded.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Verification</i>. Control activities
                        designed to reasonably ensure that two or more items match with each other
                        and are consistent with a respective policy.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Physical controls</i>. Control activities
                        that are designed to protect against unauthorized acquisition, use, or
                        disposal of assets, including customer-related assets.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Controls over standing data</i>. Control
                        activities intended to reasonably ensure that master files supporting
                        business processes (for example, price, positions, and location) are
                        populated, updated, and maintained.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Reconciliations</i>. Control activities
                        designed to reasonably ensure that books and records agree with external and
                        internal records.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Supervisory controls</i>. Control
                        activities intended to reasonably ensure that other transaction control
                        activities are being performed completely, accurately, and in accordance
                        with policies and procedures.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.21" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.21</b> The reliability of
                technology within business processes, including automated controls, depends on the
                selection, development, and deployment of general control activities over
                technology, which include control activities over the technology infrastructure,
                security management, and technology acquisition, development, and maintenance. See
                    <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../aag-brd/aag-brd4/aag-brd4_information_and_communication/aag-brd4_information_and_communication_control/aag-brd4_information_and_communication_control.dita#UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-05680969-7a15-95ed-ba4f-c8c28beef3ec/UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.26">paragraphs 4.26–.29</xref>.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.22" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.22</b> Many of the
                activities of broker-dealers are unique and require comprehensive policies and
                procedures. Policies and procedures help to ensure that management directives are
                carried out and necessary actions are taken to address risks to the achievement of
                the broker-dealer's objectives. Policies and procedures are communicated either
                orally or in writing. They establish clear responsibility and accountability of
                management and personnel for specific control activities. Policies and procedures
                typically reflect the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Timeliness of a control activity</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Competency and authority of personnel assigned to perform a control
                        activity</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Applicability of corrective actions based on investigation results</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Periodic reassessment of control activities for continued relevance and
                        effectiveness</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>