<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-8f5b7bc3-56ec-1810-d55d-d2418eec8eec_UUID-bd7e3993-2321-8480-e01c-f19d5d2c4878" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Understanding the Financial Instruments</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-8f5b7bc3-56ec-1810-d55d-d2418eec8eec_aag-afi2.06" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.06</b> The characteristics
                of financial instruments may obscure certain elements of risk and exposure.
                Obtaining an understanding of the instruments in which the entity has invested or to
                which it is exposed, including the characteristics of the instruments, helps the
                auditor identify whether</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">important aspects of a transaction are missing or inaccurately
                        recorded.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the risks inherent in them are fully understood and managed by the
                        entity.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the instruments are valued using an appropriate valuation
                        technique.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the financial instruments are appropriately classified into current and
                        noncurrent assets and liabilities.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-8f5b7bc3-56ec-1810-d55d-d2418eec8eec_aag-afi2.07" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.07</b> Examples of matters
                that the auditor may consider when obtaining an understanding of the entity’s
                financial instruments include</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the types of financial instruments to which the entity is exposed.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the purpose for which they are used.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">management’s and, when appropriate, those charged with governance’s
                        understanding of the financial instruments, their use, and the accounting
                        requirements.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">their exact terms and characteristics so that their implications can be
                        fully understood and, in particular, when transactions are linked, the
                        overall effect of the financial instrument transactions.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">how they fit into the entity’s overall risk management strategy.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Inquiries of the internal audit function and risk management function, if such
                functions exist, and discussions with those charged with governance may assist the
                auditor in obtaining this understanding.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-8f5b7bc3-56ec-1810-d55d-d2418eec8eec_aag-afi2.08" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.08</b> In some cases, a
                contract, including a contract for a nonfinancial instrument, may contain a
                derivative. Some financial reporting frameworks permit or require such embedded
                derivatives to be separated from the host contract in some circumstances.
                Understanding management’s process for identifying and accounting for embedded
                derivatives will assist the auditor in understanding the risks to which the entity
                is exposed.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>