<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-84126a0e-0766-3dad-51cb-1cad0e28bc8a" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Financing</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.119" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.119</b> Broker-dealers may finance their
                    activities through the use of bank loans, stock loans, and repurchase agreements
                    (repos). In recent years, stock lending and repos have also evolved into firm
                    trading strategies whereby broker-dealers earn interest spreads on the
                    simultaneous borrowing and lending of funds collateralized by securities. A
                    discussion of some of the activities described as broker-dealer financing
                    activities follows.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.120" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.120</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Bank
                        loans</i>. One source of financing in the securities industry is bank
                    loans. These loans are callable by the bank and are often collateralized
                    (secured) by securities owned by the broker-dealer or, if used to finance loans
                    to the customer, by customer securities that are not fully paid for. The
                    interest rate charged by banks on these loans is called the <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">brokers' call rate</i>; however, other benchmark rates
                    can be used. Commercial banks provide bank loan financings to broker-dealers
                    either on a committed or uncommitted basis depending on the credit strength of
                    the broker-dealer. Large, committed bank loan facilities are often syndicated
                    among a group of banks. Bank loans can also be provided on an unsecured
                    basis.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.121" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.121</b> In addition to the risks faced by all
                    businesses concerning collateralized bank loans, broker-dealers are subject to a
                    unique requirement resulting from regulations governing collateral. SEC Rule
                    15c3-3 prohibits broker-dealers from utilizing their customers' fully paid or
                    excess margin securities as collateral for bank loans. Federal Reserve
                    Regulations G, T, U, and X of the Federal Reserve System establish the ratio of
                    collateral value to the amount of loans that must be maintained for loans used
                    to finance customer and firm-related activities. Thus, firms must maintain
                    separate records for customer and firm loans and related collateral.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.122" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.122</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Securities
                        lending agreements</i>. A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">stock
                        loan</i> is an arrangement in which securities are loaned from one
                    broker-dealer to another in exchange for collateral. Broker-dealers may lend
                    securities to enable a borrowing broker-dealer to make deliveries of securities
                    sold that the borrowing broker-dealer does not have available to deliver on
                    settlement date. Securities lending can be an effective and efficient means of
                    generating funds for financing broker-dealers' operations. Securities lending is
                    usually conducted through open-ended "loan" agreements that may be terminated on
                    short notice by the lender or borrower. Securities lending is generally
                    collateralized by cash, although securities or letters of credit may also be
                    used as collateral. The nature of these transactions is generally governed by
                    Regulation T.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.123" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.123</b> Each stock loan is initially
                    collateralized at a predetermined margin that is slightly in excess of the value
                    of the securities loaned. If the fair value of the security falls below an
                    acceptable level during the time a loan is outstanding, the borrower of the
                    security requests the return of the excess cash collateral. If the value of the
                    security rises, the lender of the security generally requests additional cash
                    collateral to cover potential exposure to credit risk.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.124" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.124</b> When a stock loan is terminated, the
                    securities are returned to the lender and the collateral or cash to the
                    borrower. Fees (often referred to as rebates) are paid to the cash lender based
                    on the principal amounts outstanding. Such fees are generally calculated at a
                    rate lower than the broker-dealer's call rate, and they fluctuate based on the
                    availability of the particular securities loaned. Some broker-dealers
                    participate in the securities lending and securities borrowing market as
                    intermediaries. They conduct a finder or conduit business in which securities
                    are borrowed from one broker-dealer (or other institution) and loaned to
                    another.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.125" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.125</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Repos or reverse
                        repos</i>. According to the FASB <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting
                        Standards Codification</i> (ASC) Master Glossary, a <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">repurchase agreement accounted for as a collateralized
                        borrowing (repo agreement)</i> refers to a transaction in which a
                    seller-borrower of securities sells those securities to a buyer-lender with an
                    agreement to repurchase them at a stated price plus interest at a specified date
                    or in specified circumstances. A repurchase agreement accounted for as a
                    collateralized borrowing is a repo that does not qualify for sale accounting
                    under FASB ASC 860, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Transfers and Servicing</i>.
                    The payable under a repurchase agreement accounted for as a collateralized
                    borrowing refers to the amount of the seller-borrower's obligation recognized
                    for the future repurchase of the securities from the buyer-lender.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.126" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.126</b> A repo may be made on an overnight or a
                    fixed-maturity basis or with an agreement for the seller to buy back the same
                    securities at an open date to be decided by the buyer and seller. Dollar
                    repurchase agreements (also called dollar rolls) are agreements to sell and
                    repurchase substantially the same but not identical securities.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.127" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.127</b> As defined in the FASB ASC Master
                    Glossary, a <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">reverse repurchase agreement accounted for
                        as a collateralized borrowing</i> (also known as a reverse repo)
                    refers to a transaction that is accounted for as a collateralized lending in
                    which a buyer-lender buys securities with an agreement to resell them to the
                    seller-borrower at a stated price plus interest at a specified date or in
                    specified circumstances. The receivable under a reverse repurchase agreement
                    accounted for as a collateralized borrowing refers to the amount due from the
                    seller-borrower for the repurchase of the securities from the
                    buyer-lender.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.128" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.128</b> The buyer is said to enter into a reverse
                    repo transaction (receiving securities, giving up cash) while the seller enters
                    into a repo transaction (receiving cash, giving up securities). This reciprocal
                    procedure enables the seller to obtain short-term financing while the buyer is
                    able to earn interest on its excess cash and hold securities as collateral. For
                    the buyer, the transaction represents another form of secured lending.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.129" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.129</b> Government bond dealers that have large
                    inventories to be financed find it advantageous to execute repos with
                    institutional investors because a repurchase transaction usually has a lower
                    interest rate than the interest rate charged by a bank, and they can finance a
                    greater percentage of their collateral. By using repos, buyers are able, with
                    negligible market risk, to earn interest on their balances. The principal risk
                    to the buyer is the creditworthiness of the seller but only if the collateral is
                    in the possession of the seller or if its value has declined substantially. The
                    possession of the collateral is an important determinant of the credit risk of a
                    repo transaction. There are three kinds of custodial arrangements relating to
                    repo transactions: triparty repos, deliver-out repos, and hold-in-custody
                    repos.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.130" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.130</b> In a triparty repo, an independent
                    institution acting in a custodial capacity enters into a tripartite agreement
                    with the two counterparties to the transaction. This third-party custodian
                    assumes certain responsibilities for safeguarding the interests of both
                    counterparties and is involved in transferring funds and securities between
                    those two parties. In a deliver-out repo, the securities are delivered to the
                    investor or its designated custodial agent, who has no relationship with the
                    repo seller. A hold-in-custody repo is characterized by the repo seller
                    retaining control of the securities and serving simultaneously throughout the
                    transaction not only as principal but also as the investor's custodial
                    agent.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.131" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.131</b> Some commonly used terms that describe
                    various kinds of repurchase transactions include <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">overnight repos</i>, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">term repos</i>,
                    and <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">repos to maturity</i>. Paragraphs 19–21 of
                    FASB ASC 860-10-05 discuss the nature of these terms. Broker-dealers make their
                    profits on the differences between the interest charged on the repos and the
                    interest earned on the reverse repos. See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd">chapter 5</xref>, “Accounting Standards,” and <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd6/aag-brd6.dita#UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c">chapter 6</xref>, “Financial Statement Presentation and Classification,”
                    for additional information.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>