<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-8d7ffb88-4927-9187-45b4-1eb0f03167b4" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Reconciliation and Balancing</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.119" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.119</b> Daily cash receipts and disbursements are
                totaled on the journals or blotters, and the closing balance for each account is
                determined. A summary of the postings is prepared showing the distribution to the
                control accounts in the general ledger. The summary is agreed with the totals of the
                various source documents and with related items in the summaries prepared by the
                receive and deliver departments. In addition to the settlement and cash journal
                summaries, broker-dealers may prepare an overall summary of cash transactions
                processed by the cashier's department. Normally, this cash summary sheet contains
                numerous descriptive categories and columns to which the cash movements are posted.
                Entries are compiled by summarizing working documents, including blotters, journals,
                drafts, and other receipt and disbursement forms.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.120" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.120</b> The securities record department is
                responsible for monitoring and controlling the recording of all securities movements
                under the broker-dealer's jurisdiction. The stock record department ensures that
                longs equal shorts for securities positions and is responsible for correcting all
                breaks in the securities record, just as the accounting department is responsible
                for ensuring that debits equal credits for money balances. Uncorrected breaks could
                cause serious losses to the firm, and accordingly, such items should be monitored,
                aged, and reported to management daily.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.121" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.121</b> Securities differences may be caused by
                inaccurate recordkeeping on the part of a broker-dealer, by an out-of-balance
                condition in the stock record (a stock record break), or by errors in the receipt
                and delivery of securities. Such differences are normally disclosed through the
                automated daily balancing of the stock record, periodic counts of securities on
                hand, and examination or confirmation of items such as transfers and fails.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.122" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.122</b> The broker-dealer must deduct the market
                value of all short securities differences unresolved after discovery in accordance
                with the schedule in Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(v)(A). The broker-dealer may be required to
                buy in short positions of the firm or of other persons if the shorts allocate to a
                customer’s long position required for possession or control. See Rule 15c3-3(d)(4).
                When a security difference is discovered, FINRA Rule 4522 requires the firm to
                record unresolved differences into a “Difference” account.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>