<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_UUID-c452bcb0-e921-6a4b-ada1-1b03bbc2a816" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Controls Relating to Financial Instruments</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.10" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.10</b> The extent of an
                entity’s use of financial instruments and the degree of complexity of the
                instruments are important determinants of the necessary level of sophistication of
                the entity’s internal control. For example, smaller entities may use less structured
                products and simple processes and procedures to achieve their objectives.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.11" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.11</b> Often, it is the
                role of those charged with governance to set the tone regarding, and approve and
                oversee the extent of, the use of financial instruments, but it is management’s role
                to manage and monitor the entity’s exposures to those risks. Management and, when
                appropriate, those charged with governance are also responsible for designing and
                implementing a system of internal control to enable the preparation and fair
                presentation of financial statements in accordance with the applicable financial
                reporting framework. An entity’s internal control over financial instruments is more
                likely to be effective when management and those charged with governance have</p>
      <ul class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">established an appropriate control environment (for example, active
                        participation by those charged with governance in controlling the use of
                        financial instruments); a logical organizational structure with clear
                        assignment of authority and responsibility; and appropriate human resource
                        policies and procedures. In particular, clear rules are needed on the extent
                        to which those responsible for financial instrument activities are permitted
                        to act. Such rules take into account any legal or regulatory restrictions on
                        using financial instruments. For example, certain public sector entities may
                        not have the power to conduct business using derivatives.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">established a risk management process relative to the size of the entity
                        and the complexity of its financial instruments. (For example, in some
                        entities, a formal risk management function may exist.)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">established information systems that provide those charged with governance
                        with an understanding of the nature of the financial instrument activities
                        and the associated risks, including adequate documentation of
                        transactions.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">designed, implemented, and documented a system of internal control
                        to</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">provide reasonable assurance that the entity’s use of financial
                                instruments is within its risk management policies.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">properly present financial instruments in the financial
                                statements.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">ensure that the entity is in compliance with applicable laws and
                                regulations.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">monitor risk.</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../aag-afi/aag-afi3/aag-afi3.dita#UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9">Chapter 3</xref>, "Internal Control," of this guide provides examples
                        of controls that may exist in an entity that deals in a high volume of
                        financial instrument transactions.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">established appropriate accounting policies, including valuation policies,
                        in accordance with the applicable financial reporting framework.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.12" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.12</b> Key elements of risk
                management processes and internal control relating to an entity’s financial
                instruments include</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">setting an approach to define the amount of risk exposure that the entity
                        is willing to accept when engaging in financial instrument transactions
                        (this may be referred to as its "risk appetite"), including policies for
                        investing in financial instruments and the control framework in which the
                        financial instrument activities are conducted.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">establishing processes for the documentation and authorization of new
                        types of financial instrument transactions that consider the accounting,
                        regulatory, legal, financial, and operational risks that are associated with
                        such instruments.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">processing financial instrument transactions, including confirmation and
                        reconciliation of cash and asset holdings to external statements and the
                        payments process.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">segregation of duties between those investing or trading in the financial
                        instruments and those responsible for processing, valuing, and confirming
                        such instruments. For example, a model development function that is involved
                        in assisting in pricing deals is less objective than one that is
                        functionally and organizationally separate from the sales function.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">valuation processes and controls, including controls over data obtained
                        from third-party pricing sources.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">monitoring of controls.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.13" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.13</b> The nature of risks
                often differs between entities with a high volume and variety of financial
                instruments and those with only a few financial instrument transactions. This
                results in different approaches to internal control:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Often, an institution with a high volume of financial instruments will
                        have a dealing room-type environment in which there are specialist traders
                        and segregation of duties between those traders and the administrative and
                        support services (which refers to the operations function that data checks
                        trades that have been conducted, ensuring that they are not erroneous and
                        transacting the required transfers). In such environments, the traders will
                        often initiate contracts verbally over the phone or via an electronic
                        trading platform. Capturing relevant transactions and accurately recording
                        financial instruments in such an environment is significantly more
                        challenging than for an entity with only a few financial instruments whose
                        existence and completeness often can be confirmed with a bank confirmation
                        to a few banks.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">On the other hand, entities with only a small number of financial
                        instruments often do not have segregation of duties, and access to the
                        market is limited. In such cases, although it may be easier to identify
                        financial instrument transactions, a risk exists that management may rely on
                        a limited number of personnel, which may increase the risk that unauthorized
                        transactions may be initiated, or transactions may not be recorded.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>