<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-98241e8e-60d2-a9ca-582d-62394588d852" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Determine the Transaction Price</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.53" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">
                                5.6.53</b> FASB ASC 606-10-32-2 requires a broker-dealer to
                                determine the transaction price as the amount of consideration it
                                expects to be entitled to in exchange for transferring the service
                                to the customer. Generally, a broker-dealer is able to determine the
                                transaction price based on the gross underwriting spread between the
                                purchase price from the issuer and the sales price to a public
                                investor, which is generally outlined within the executed
                                underwriting agreement. The gross underwriting spread is apportioned
                                to the broker-dealers in accordance with the underwriting agreement,
                                which is generally based on the services provided (that is,
                                management underwriting services, underwriting services, and selling
                                concession services). As discussed in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_other_related_topics/topics/aag-rev5_principal_versus_agent_considerations.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-fd724e0d-f4df-2a95-1a39-4148432d8976/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.26">paragraph 5.7.26</xref> of the section "Principal Versus Agent:
                                Costs Associated With Underwriting," FinREC believes that generally,
                                the role of the lead underwriter with regard to services provided by
                                the participating underwriters is that of an agent (that is,
                                arrangement of services). Consequently, in accordance with FASB ASC
                                606-10-55-38, the lead underwriter should record underwriting
                                revenues net of revenues allocated to the participating
                                members.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.54" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.54</b> Paragraphs 5–13 of FASB ASC 606-10-32 require
                                broker-dealers to evaluate whether the underwriting agreement
                                contains variable consideration, such as performance bonuses,
                                incentives, or discounts. If so, the broker-dealer would need to
                                estimate the amount of variable consideration and include such
                                amount within the transaction price to the extent that it is
                                probable that a significant reversal in cumulative revenue would not
                                subsequently occur when the contingency is resolved. FASB ASC
                                606-10-32-12 provides factors a broker-dealer should consider when
                                determining the amount of variable consideration to include in the
                                transaction price.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>