<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-72a807e8-cd4f-293e-093e-91cf18a6511b" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Identify the Contract With a Customer</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.114" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.114</b> Selling or distribution commissions and fees
                                are generally stated in written agreements such as selling or
                                distribution agreements. To determine whether the written agreement
                                meets the definition of a contract with a customer within the scope
                                of the revenue standard, an entity should consider the criteria in
                                FASB ASC 606-10-25-1:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The contract has been approved (in writing, orally, or in
                                        accordance with customary business practices), and the
                                        parties are committed to perform their respective
                                        obligations.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The distributor can identify each party’s rights.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The distributor can identify the payment terms.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The contract has commercial substance.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Collection of the consideration is probable.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.115" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.115</b> FASB ASC 606 defines a customer as a party
                                that has contracted with an entity to obtain goods or services that
                                are an output of the entity’s ordinary activities in exchange for
                                consideration. In this regard, a fund typically contracts with a
                                distributor to, over a period of time, sell or distribute securities
                                on its behalf (in exchange for specified commissions and fees),
                                which is the distributor’s ordinary business activity. Given this
                                contractual relationship and consideration of the indicators in the
                                section "<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-rev/aag-rev4/aag-rev4_application_of_the_five_step/aag-rev4_step_1_identify_the3/aag-rev4_determining_the_customer/aag-rev4_determining_the_customer.dita#UUID-5dda6152-7bb5-4414-0515-87dee369dc20_UUID-66f1dbbc-7888-27b2-8573-e66db061cbed">Determining the Customer in an Asset Management
                                    Arrangement</xref>" in paragraphs 4.1.01–4.1.10 of chapter 4,
                                "Asset Management," FinREC believes that the fund will generally be
                                the distributor’s customer for purposes of applying FASB ASC 606.
                                For purposes of this section, the fund is considered the customer
                                under the selling or distribution contract with the distributor.
                                However, entities should consider their own contracts and related
                                facts and circumstances when identifying the customer. <unknown id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_N661755d1a0bf8" class="- topic/unknown ">Determining the Customer in an Asset
                                    Management Arrangement</unknown>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.116" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.116</b> Distribution contracts are typically
                                terminable upon notice by either party without incurring a
                                significant termination penalty. When the distributor gives or is
                                given notice of termination, the contract ceases at the end of the
                                notice period, typically 60–90 days. In the event that the
                                distributor is terminated by the fund, the distributor may still be
                                entitled to ongoing fees as long as the investors it placed in the
                                fund remain invested. These ongoing fees terminate only if and when
                                the investor terminates the distributor as its broker of record.
                                FASB ASC 606-10-25-3 explains that when a contract has no fixed
                                duration and can be terminated or modified by either party at any
                                time, an entity should apply the guidance in FASB ASC 606 to the
                                duration of the contract (that is, the contractual period) in which
                                the parties to the contract have present enforceable rights and
                                obligations.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>