<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-155bf7b5-a511-c156-6820-6d556f75985b" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Identify the Performance Obligations in the
                                Contract</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.82" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.82</b> M&amp;A advisory contracts may have one or more
                                services that meet the definition of a performance obligation. To
                                determine the performance obligations included in an M&amp;A
                                advisory services contract, a broker-dealer is required to evaluate
                                the nature of the promise or promises to the customer. As noted in
                                FASB ASC 606-10-25-17, activities that a broker-dealer undertakes to
                                fulfill a contract that do not transfer goods or services to the
                                customer are not performance obligations.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.83" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.83</b> The assessment of what is the promised service in
                                an M&amp;A advisory contract requires judgment. For example, the
                                nature of a promise in an M&amp;A advisory contract may be to
                                successfully broker the sale of a business. In other contracts, the
                                nature of a promise may be to provide advice to a company that may
                                or may not culminate in the purchase or sale of a business.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.84" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.84</b> For example, a broker-dealer may perform tasks
                                common to an M&amp;A advisory agreement, such as the
                                following:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Developing strategies and assisting the customer in
                                        preparing financial forecasts and analysis (due
                                        diligence)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Providing research and analysis on potential targets,
                                        including financial forecasting, cultural fit analysis, and
                                        so on</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Providing strategy and negotiation assistance</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Assisting with internal and external communications
                                        regarding the transaction</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p class="- topic/p ">The broker-dealer should consider whether such activities transfer
                                a good or service (or multiple goods or services) to the customer,
                                or whether the performance of these services helps to fulfill one
                                overall promise made to the customer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.85" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.85</b> Per FASB ASC 606-10-25-14, at contract inception,
                                a broker-dealer shall assess the goods or services promised in a
                                contract with a customer and shall identify, as performance
                                obligations, each promise to transfer to the customer either</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that
                                        is distinct or</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">a series of distinct goods and services that are
                                        substantially the same and that have the same pattern of
                                        transfer to the customer.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p class="- topic/p ">If a promised good or service is not distinct, a broker-dealer
                                shall combine that good or service with other promised goods or
                                services until it identifies a bundle of goods or services that is
                                distinct. In some cases, that would result in the broker-dealer
                                accounting for all the services promised in a contract as a single
                                performance obligation.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.86" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.86</b> In applying FASB ASC 606, a broker-dealer should
                                evaluate all of the goods or services promised in the M&amp;A
                                advisory contract, including those implied by a broker-dealer’s
                                customary business practice, to identify the separate performance
                                obligations. A broker-dealer should carefully consider whether each
                                good or service is capable of being distinct and is distinct within
                                the context of the contract in accordance with paragraphs 19–22 of
                                FASB ASC 606-10-25. For example, the task of providing due diligence
                                services could be considered capable of being distinct. However, in
                                an arrangement in which the customer engages the broker-dealer to
                                broker the sale of a business, the broker-dealer should evaluate
                                whether those due diligence services are distinct in the context of
                                the overall contract.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.87" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.87</b> FASB ASC 606-10-25-21 includes certain factors to
                                evaluate whether the promise to transfer the good or service is
                                distinct in the context of the contract. For example, a good or
                                service that is highly dependent on, or highly interrelated with,
                                other goods or services promised in the contract may not be
                                separately identifiable.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.88" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.88</b> When it is determined that a promise is to
                                provide consulting or advisory services and the criteria for
                                recognizing revenue over time have been met, after assessing which
                                services are distinct in the context of the contract, a
                                broker-dealer should give consideration to whether each of the
                                services is considered a "series of distinct services" that are
                                substantially the same and that have the same pattern of transfer to
                                the customer per FASB ASC 606-10-25-15. This is an important
                                determination in an M&amp;A advisory contract because it affects the
                                number of performance obligations and the pattern of measuring the
                                progress toward satisfying the performance obligations. Under FASB
                                ASC 606-10-25-15, if the otherwise distinct services are
                                substantially the same and transfer to the customer over time using
                                the same method of measuring progress, then an entity would account
                                for them together as a single performance obligation.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.89" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.89</b> When assessing whether providing the customer
                                with a fairness opinion in conjunction with advising on the sale of
                                a business is a separate performance obligation, the broker-dealer
                                should consider whether a good or service is transferred to the
                                customer. FinREC believes that a fairness opinion should generally
                                be considered a distinct good or service accounted for as a separate
                                performance obligation, based on it meeting both criteria in FASB
                                ASC 606-10-25-19:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The fairness opinion can be obtained from another
                                        broker-dealer outside of the M&amp;A advisory services
                                        contract.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The fairness opinion is not an input to a combined output
                                        of selling the business. That is, the fairness opinion and
                                        M&amp;A advisory services do not modify or customize each
                                        other, are not integrated into a combined output, and are
                                        not highly interrelated (meaning the broker-dealer would be
                                        able to fulfill its promise to transfer the M&amp;A advisory
                                        services independent from its promise to subsequently
                                        provide the fairness opinion).</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.90" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.90</b> The balance of this section assumes that (with
                                the exception of a fairness opinion) the broker-dealer has concluded
                                that the goods and services provided under an M&amp;A advisory
                                agreement constitute a single performance obligation.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>