<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-b0ec342d-baf0-de5a-a211-1dada8b738f1" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Identify the Contract With a Customer</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.63" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.63</b> Soft-dollar arrangements may be in a stand-alone
                                agreement or included in an agreement with clearing, custody, or
                                execution services. To determine whether the agreement meets the
                                definition of a contract with a customer within the scope of the
                                standard, a broker-dealer should consider the required criteria in
                                FASB ASC 606-10-25-1. Soft-dollar arrangements would meet the
                                definition of a contract if all of the following criteria from FASB
                                ASC 606-10-25-1 are met:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Parties have approved the contract.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The services to be provided are explicitly stated.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Consideration to be paid in exchange for such service is
                                        explicitly stated.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The arrangement has commercial substance.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">It is probable that the entity will collect the
                                        consideration to which it will be entitled.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Furthermore, a broker-dealer should also consider FASB ASC
                                606-10-25-2 to determine whether the contract creates enforceable
                                rights and obligations, especially in arrangements in which the
                                soft-dollar contract is oral and not accounted for as a single
                                contract (as discussed later) with the clearing, custody, or
                                execution contract.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.64" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.64</b> For soft-dollar arrangements included in a
                                separate agreement that is entered into at or near the same time as
                                a clearing, custody, or execution agreement (or other agreement)
                                with the same customer, a broker-dealer must evaluate whether these
                                agreements should be accounted for as a single contract based on
                                meeting any of the criteria at FASB ASC 606-10-25-9. Because the
                                value of research to be provided to a customer in soft-dollar
                                arrangements is typically based on a percentage of commission income
                                generated from trade order flow from the customer, FinREC believes
                                that soft-dollar arrangements will generally be combined with
                                clearing or execution agreements and accounted for as a single
                                contract. Therefore, broker-dealers should incorporate the analysis
                                in the section "<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_commission_income.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-4a3e7baa-571d-6ffa-621a-553c5c00b160">Commission Income</xref>" in paragraphs 5.6.01–5.6.32,
                                regarding whether the purchase of research is an optional purchase
                                under FASB ASC 606-10-55-42 and provides a material right to the
                                customer.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>