<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-cca476f6-75b4-b90e-3831-e40edb2266ed" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Identify Separate Performance Obligations</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.65" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">
                                5.6.65</b> When soft-dollar arrangements are combined with
                                clearing, custody, or execution agreements and accounted for as a
                                single contract, FinREC believes the research services are generally
                                a separate performance obligation from the clearing, custody, or
                                execution services. A service is distinct if the customer can
                                benefit from the service on its own and the broker-dealer’s promise
                                to transfer the service is separately identifiable from other
                                promises in the contract. Research services meet the definition of
                                being distinct because customers can benefit from the research
                                services on their own and research services are separately
                                identifiable from the clearing, execution, or custody services (that
                                is, they are not inputs to a combined output in accordance with FASB
                                ASC 606-10-25-21). In addition, research services are often
                                separately identified in the contract. If determined to be distinct,
                                the promised services should therefore be accounted for separately.
                                Clearing, execution, or custody performance obligations are
                                discussed in the section "<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_commission_income.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-4a3e7baa-571d-6ffa-621a-553c5c00b160">Commission Income</xref>" in paragraphs 5.6.01–5.6.32. This
                                section will focus on the research service performance obligations
                                when included within a clearing or execution services contract. For
                                custody services, refer to the section "<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_commission_income.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-4a3e7baa-571d-6ffa-621a-553c5c00b160">Commission Income</xref>."</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.66" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.66</b> If the broker-dealer provides the customer with
                                the option of choosing research reports to be provided at a future
                                date or research in the form of access to systems (for example,
                                Bloomberg), the option presents the customer with a material right
                                to the future research.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.67" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.67</b> Rather than providing research services to a
                                customer or obtaining research from a third party and transferring
                                it to the customer, a broker-dealer may instead directly pay the
                                third party on behalf of the customer for research services provided
                                by third parties. In this situation, the broker-dealer’s performance
                                obligation is to arrange for those goods or services to be provided
                                by the third party. See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_determine_the_transaction_price2.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-43f24ef0-7187-e966-2463-790c64f2e2ee/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.71">paragraphs 5.6.71–5.6.72</xref> for additional discussion.
                                Through the remainder of this section, the services noted in the
                                prior sentences will be considered and referred to as <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">research services</i>.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>