<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-8c03cd3b-3c3a-8214-8523-aa4f699c7ce3" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Identify Separate Performance Obligations</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.48" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.48</b> To determine the number of performance
                                obligations in accordance with FASB ASC 606-10-25-14, broker-dealers
                                must identify the promised services, either explicit in the contract
                                or implied through customary business practices, published policies,
                                or specific statements that create a reasonable expectation of the
                                issuer that the broker-dealer will transfer the service.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.49" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.49</b> Typically, broker-dealers promise to perform
                                multiple services in an underwriting agreement that may include a
                                combination of management underwriting services, underwriting
                                services, and selling concession services (see <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_background.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-24cb739a-e826-fed0-f896-e2735ececaba/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.37">paragraph 5.6.37</xref>).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.50" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.50</b> Promised services between a broker-dealer and an
                                issuer that are distinct represent a performance obligation.
                                Pursuant to FASB ASC 606-10-25-19, a service is distinct if
                                    (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>) the customer can benefit
                                from the service either on its own or together with other resources
                                that are readily available to the customer and (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>) the entity’s promise to transfer the
                                service to the customer is separately identifiable from other
                                promises in the contract. FASB ASC 606-10-25-21 provides guidance
                                for determining whether a service to a customer is separately
                                identifiable.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.51" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.51</b> Although a broker-dealer may perform different
                                roles in the underwriting process, these services are essentially
                                the same; the promised service is ultimately to raise capital for
                                the issuer. These services are highly interrelated in that the
                                issuer’s ability to benefit is dependent on the successful
                                completion of all of the individual promised services. FinREC
                                believes the nature of securities underwriting services is raising
                                capital on behalf of the issuer and will generally be accounted for
                                as a single performance obligation.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.52" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.52</b> In determining whether the overallotment option
                                is a separate performance obligation within the underwriting
                                agreement, a broker-dealer will need to evaluate the enforceable
                                rights and obligations of the underwriting agreement. When the
                                overallotment option does not meet the requirements of a derivative
                                contract under FASB ASC 815, FinREC believes the overallotment
                                option is not a separate performance obligation until such option
                                has been exercised (assuming the broker-dealer is not obligated to
                                exercise this option). Upon the exercise of the option, the
                                performance obligation is treated as a contract modification.
                                Paragraphs 10 and 12 of FASB ASC 606-10-25 provide guidance on
                                contract modifications. FASB ASC 606-10-25-10 states</p>
      <lq class="- topic/lq ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">a contract modification is a change in the scope or price (or
                                    both) of a contract that is approved by the parties to the
                                    contract...A contract modification exists when the parties to a
                                    contract approve a modification that either creates new or
                                    changes existing enforceable rights and obligations of the
                                    parties to the contract. A contract modification could be
                                    approved in writing, by oral agreement, or implied by customary
                                    business practices.</p>
      </lq>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Based on this, FinREC believes an entity should account for the
                                exercise of an overallotment option as a contract modification and a
                                separate contract upon the exercise in accordance with FASB ASC
                                606-10-25-12 because the services from the issuance of shares under
                                the overallotment option are distinct and priced at the stand-alone
                                selling price of underwriting services (that is, the underwriting
                                fees earned per share for the overallotment option are the same as
                                those for the original issuance).</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>