<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-70f60f7c-678f-85a8-a86d-06b197510658" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Cost Recognition</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.141" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.141</b> Distributors often pay sales commissions to
                                external distributors or their internal sales representatives for
                                distribution and sales of securities on their behalf. FASB ASC
                                606-10-15-5 refers to FASB ASC 340-40 for guidance on costs incurred
                                that relate to contracts with customers. In addition, FASB ASC
                                946-720-25-4 provides guidance on accounting for certain
                                distribution costs. Distributors should evaluate the nature of the
                                contracts and associated costs to determine whether FASB ASC 946,
                                    <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Financial Services — Investment
                                    Companies</i>, or FASB ASC 340, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Other Assets and Deferred Cash</i>, applies.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.142" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.142</b> FASB ASC 340-40-25 provides accounting
                                guidance for two categories of costs related to contracts with
                                customers: (1) incremental costs of obtaining a contract and (2)
                                costs to fulfill a contract. If the fund is determined to be the
                                customer in the contract, FinREC believes that sales commissions are
                                costs to fulfill a contract, because the contract with the fund is
                                already in place.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.143" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.143</b> Costs incurred in fulfilling a contract with
                                a customer that are within the scope of another FASB ASC topic
                                should be accounted for in accordance with the other applicable
                                topics or subtopics. In this regard, for sales commissions paid to
                                third-party sub-distributors, consideration should be given to the
                                applicability of FASB ASC 946-720-25-4. FASB ASC 946-720-25-4
                                provides guidance on the accounting for distribution costs for
                                mutual funds with no up-front fees. The term "distribution costs" as
                                used in FASB ASC 946-720-25 is interpreted in practice to refer to
                                costs related to third-party service providers. This understanding
                                is also acknowledged by FASB in paragraph BC303 of FASB Accounting
                                Standards Update (ASU) No. 2014-09,<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i "> Revenue
                                    from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606),</i> where this
                                specific paragraph is mentioned in relation to sales commissions
                                paid to third-party brokers. If FASB ASC 946-720-25-4 applies, then
                                incremental direct costs, such as sales commissions, should be
                                deferred and amortized, and indirect costs expensed. For a similar
                                analysis of deferred distribution commission expenses, refer to the
                                discussion in the section "<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-rev/aag-rev4/aag-rev4_other_related_topics/aag-rev4_deferred_distribution_commission_expenses/aag-rev4_deferred_distribution_commission_expenses.dita#UUID-5dda6152-7bb5-4414-0515-87dee369dc20_UUID-535338e3-d8a9-7e8d-0407-dbd4e878cdcb">Deferred Distribution Commission Expenses (Back-End Load
                                    Funds)</xref>" in paragraphs 4.7.01–4.7.10 of chapter 4 of this
                                guide. <unknown id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_N661755d1a42d0" class="- topic/unknown ">Deferred Distribution Commission
                                    Expenses (Back-End Load Funds)</unknown>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.144" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.144</b> Other costs incurred to fulfill a contract
                                with a customer that are not within the scope of another topic
                                should be assessed to determine if the costs meet the criteria of
                                FASB ASC 340-40-25-5. FinREC believes that sales commissions do not
                                meet the criteria of FASB ASC 340-40-25-5 because the commissions do
                                not generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in
                                satisfying (or in continuing to satisfy) performance obligations in
                                the future (FASB ASC 340-40-25-5b); therefore, sales commissions not
                                in the scope of FASB ASC 946-720-25-4 should be expensed when
                                incurred.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>