<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-24cb739a-e826-fed0-f896-e2735ececaba" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Background</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.33" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">
                                5.6.33</b> Business entities and governmental entities that
                                want to raise funds through the public sale of securities normally
                                engage securities broker-dealers to underwrite their securities
                                issues. Underwriting is the act of distributing a new issue of
                                securities (primary offering) or a large block of issued securities
                                (secondary offering).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.34" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.34</b> There are several different ways in which a
                                broker-dealer may participate in the underwriting of securities. The
                                broker-dealer may act as managing underwriter (commonly referred to
                                as the lead underwriter), co-managing underwriter (or co-lead), or
                                participating underwriter. Such participation may be on one of the
                                following bases, though this does not represent an all-inclusive
                                list:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Firm commitment.</i> The
                                        underwriting group for a transaction on a firm-commitment
                                        basis agrees to buy the entire security issue from the
                                        issuer for a specified price, whether or not they can
                                        successfully sell all purchased securities to investors.
                                        Typically, this type of commitment occurs immediately prior
                                        to the offering. However, broker-dealers may enter into a
                                        contract with an issuer that provides a firm commitment to
                                        underwrite securities several days or weeks prior to the
                                        actual offering.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Best efforts.</i> The
                                        underwriting group for a best-efforts basis agrees to sell
                                        the issue at a price to be determined, normally with a
                                        minimum requirement to complete the underwriting. Any
                                        securities for which the broker-dealer cannot obtain a
                                        purchase commitment in the public market will not be
                                        underwritten (purchased) by the broker-dealer.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Standby.</i> The
                                        underwriting group for a standby basis commits to purchase
                                        securities only if called on.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.35" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.35</b> The managing underwriter or underwriters are
                                typically responsible for the following:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Organizing the other participating underwriters and the
                                        selling group <ph class="- topic/ph ">
                  <fn callout="4" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-rev-fn4" class="- topic/fn ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">A selling group is typically a group of
                                                institutions that helps the issuer place a new issue
                                                without necessarily participating in the
                                                underwriting and therefore is not typically
                                                responsible for any unsold securities.</p>
                  </fn>
                  <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-rev5_background.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-24cb739a-e826-fed0-f896-e2735ececaba/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-rev-fn4"/>
               </ph>
            </p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Negotiating the transaction with the issuer of the
                                        security</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Maintaining the subscription records for the underwriting
                                        (such as status of orders from customers)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Maintaining a record of all direct expenses associated
                                        with the offering, including marketing and advertising fees,
                                        legal fees, and the other costs associated with setting up
                                        the syndicate group. These expenses are allocated to the
                                        other members of the syndicate on a pro rata basis. Refer to
                                        the section "<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_other_related_topics/topics/aag-rev5_principal_versus_agent_costs.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-4b40971f-3ff9-39cc-6cfd-98aa32de0e25">Principal Versus Agent: Costs Associated With
                                            Underwriting</xref>" in paragraphs 5.7.21–5.7.32 for
                                        guidance on accounting for these expenses.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.36" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.36</b> Participating underwriters maintain records of
                                each underwriting participation only to the extent that they are
                                involved. To spread the risk of an underwriting and facilitate its
                                distribution, the underwriters may sell all or part of the
                                securities directly to the public or a selling group that in turn
                                sells the securities to the public. If an issue is not fully sold
                                (in a firm commitment underwriting), the liability is shared among
                                the participating underwriters through either an undivided or
                                divided arrangement. An undivided liability is an arrangement
                                whereby each member of an underwriting syndicate is liable for its
                                proportionate share of unsold securities in the underwriting account
                                regardless of the number of securities it has previously sold. A
                                divided liability is an arrangement whereby each member is liable
                                only for its "divided" or fixed share of the securities and not for
                                any additional unsold securities beyond that amount. Selling groups
                                are not underwriters and have no obligation to sell the securities
                                allocated to them. Accordingly, they are entitled only to a selling
                                concession.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.37" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.37</b> The difference between the price paid by the
                                broker-dealer to the issuer for the securities and the price paid by
                                the public for the securities (the gross underwriting spread)
                                represents the underwriters' and selling groups’ compensation for
                                the risk and cost of selling the issue. The gross underwriting
                                spread is generally apportioned between the underwriters and selling
                                group and represents the compensation for one or more of the
                                following services, which are specified in the underwriting
                                agreement or term sheet:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Management underwriting
                                            services.</i> Underwriting services performed by
                                        the manager or co-managers (usually referred to as the lead
                                        or co-lead) in organizing the syndicate of underwriters and
                                        maintaining the records for the distribution (typically 20%
                                        of the spread)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Underwriting services.</i>
                                        Underwriting services performed by the underwriting
                                        participants (other than the lead managers) in committing to
                                        buy a specified portion of the issue and thereby assume the
                                        associated risk (typically 20% of the spread)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Selling concession
                                            services.</i> Underwriting services performed by
                                        all the underwriters in selling the offering (typically 60%
                                        of the spread)</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p class="- topic/p ">It should be noted that the split can be any combination agreed
                                upon contractually and would not change the gross underwriting
                                spread.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>