<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-47b6a40b-4422-076d-d56a-7b8f1d23f177" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Recognition on Trade Date</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.24" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.24</b> Acting as an agent, a broker-dealer may buy and
                                sell securities on behalf of its customers. In return for its
                                selling and administrative services, the broker-dealer charges a
                                commission each time a customer enters into a buy or sell
                                transaction. On the trade date, the broker-dealer fills the trade
                                order by finding and contracting with a counterparty and confirms
                                the trade with the customer. On the settlement date, the cash and
                                security from the respective counterparties are transferred to the
                                respective accounts.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.25" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.25</b> The trade execution performance obligation is
                                satisfied at a point in time, as discussed in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_recognize_revenue_when_or.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-ef925840-1532-4a90-c487-8fdb11b7c0b9/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.22">paragraph 5.6.22</xref>. Determining when control has
                                transferred depends on how the trade execution performance
                                obligation is defined. FinREC believes that a broker-dealer is
                                performing the service of providing the customer with the ability to
                                acquire or dispose of rights to obtain the economic benefits of a
                                financial instrument (for example, stock, bonds, options). If the
                                customer or the other counterparty does not remit payment or a
                                financial instrument on the scheduled settlement date, the
                                broker-dealer remedies the failure to perform by either party, so
                                the customer still benefits from the rights to the financial
                                instrument as of the trade date. Fails occur in a very small
                                percentage of trades, are generally easily and rapidly cleared, and
                                the settlement process is well established and does not require
                                significant effort.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.26" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.26</b> FASB ASC 606-10-25-25 defines control of an asset
                                as the ability to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of
                                the remaining benefits from, the asset. Transfer of control of the
                                trade execution performance obligation should be viewed as occurring
                                on the trade date because that is when the underlying financial
                                instrument (for a purchase) or purchaser (for a sale) is identified
                                and the pricing is agreed upon (that is, the broker-dealer has
                                identified the counterparty and enters into the contract on behalf
                                of the customer).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.27" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.27</b> On the trade date, the customer has obtained
                                control of the service in that it can direct the use of, and obtain
                                substantially all of the remaining benefits from, the asset that
                                comes from the trade execution performance obligation. For example,
                                in a security purchase transaction, the customer receives the
                                benefits from changes in value of the underlying security on the
                                trade date. In addition, the customer may direct the further sale of
                                a purchased security to a third party on the trade date. In a
                                security sales transaction, a customer may not direct the use of the
                                sale proceeds to purchase another security until the settlement date
                                when the cash is deposited into their account. However, the customer
                                is no longer subject to the risk of changes in value of the sold
                                security on the trade date and thus has no rights to the underlying
                                security or related risks and rewards once sold on the trade
                                date.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.28" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.28</b> Furthermore, FASB ASC 940-20-25-2, as amended,
                                states that substantially all the efforts in generating the
                                commissions have been completed on the trade date for purposes of
                                evaluating the expenses that should be accrued.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.29" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.29</b> FASB ASC 606-10-25-30 also lists indicators of
                                the transfer of control. A broker-dealer may evaluate these
                                indicators as follows:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The entity has a present right to
                                            payment for the asset (that is, for the
                                            service).</i> The broker-dealer has a present
                                        right to payment for the trade execution performance
                                        obligation on the trade date. However, if the trade
                                        ultimately never settles (which only occurs in extremely
                                        rare cases), the broker-dealer may refund the trade
                                        commission or compensate the customer for any changes in
                                        value of the security or asset that the broker-dealer was
                                        unable to obtain.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The customer has legal title to
                                            the service.</i> Not an applicable indicator when
                                        evaluating the transfer of a service.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The entity has transferred
                                            physical possession of the service.</i> Not an
                                        applicable indicator when evaluating the transfer of a
                                        service.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The customer assumes the
                                            significant risks and rewards of ownership of the
                                            service.</i> The risks and rewards of ownership
                                        (that is, benefits) of the trade execution performance
                                        obligation are transferred on the trade date because the
                                        rights to the underlying security provided by the service
                                        are received on the trade date. For example, the customer is
                                        entitled to any dividend or interest payments if the record
                                        date of the payment is on or after the trade date. The
                                        customer also receives the benefits from changes in value of
                                        the underlying security on the trade date and may direct the
                                        further sale of the security to a third party on the trade
                                        date. In a security sales transaction, a customer may not
                                        use the sale proceeds to purchase another security until the
                                        settlement date when the cash is deposited into the
                                        customer’s account. However, the customer is no longer
                                        subject to the risk of changes in value of the sold security
                                        on the trade date and has no rights to the underlying
                                        security once sold on the trade date. If a trade fails, the
                                        broker-dealer compensates the customer for any change in
                                        value from the trade date to the actual settlement date, so
                                        fails do not affect the customer’s risks and rewards of
                                        ownership of the service.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The customer has accepted the
                                            service.</i> Often, there is no explicit customer
                                        acceptance clause to be evaluated in a brokerage contract
                                        (that is, there is no explicit requirement for the customer
                                        to accept the transfer of ownership). However, any customer
                                        acceptance clause in a contract likely would be objective
                                        and would not affect the entity’s determination of when the
                                        customer has obtained control of the service, as described
                                        in FASB ASC 606-10-55-86.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.30" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.30</b> As previously described, a broker-dealer may
                                expect to remedy the failure to perform by either party if the
                                customer or the other counterparty does not remit payment or a
                                financial instrument on the scheduled settlement date. FinREC
                                believes this remedy may be similar to a warranty (that is, a
                                warranty of its agency service), which is specifically addressed in
                                paragraphs 30–35 of FASB ASC 606-10-55. FASB ASC 606-10-55-30 states
                                that “some warranties provide a customer with assurance that the
                                related product will function as the parties intended because it
                                complies with agreed-upon specifications,” which is consistent with
                                the remedy a broker-dealer provides. These types of warranties are
                                not accounted for as separate performance obligations. Thus, FinREC
                                believes the broker-dealer may need to recognize a liability or
                                expense for any obligations to remedy failures to perform.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.31" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.31</b> For those instances described earlier in which
                                the trade is expected to ultimately never settle, the consideration
                                would be variable consideration and the broker-dealer would estimate
                                the amount of consideration that will be refunded and include that
                                portion in the estimate of the transaction price (that is, record
                                that portion as a reduction of revenue instead of as an accrual of
                                costs). The estimated variable consideration in the contract will
                                only include the consideration for the performance obligations in
                                the contract (no consideration should be included for optional
                                purchases) less the amount expected to be refunded based on the
                                broker-dealer’s historical data of trades that never settle. That
                                is, when determining the estimate of variable consideration, the
                                broker-dealer will not include an estimate of the number of trades
                                expected to be executed.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.32" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.32</b> Based on the preceding analysis, FinREC believes
                                control of the trade execution performance obligation transfers on
                                the trade date. The portion of the transaction price allocated to
                                the trade execution performance obligation should be recognized as
                                revenue on that date.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>