<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-98c72f21-00e8-9011-265e-b5af22fa3566" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Allocate the Transaction Price to the Performance
                                Obligations in the Contract</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.16" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.16</b> At contract inception, there is only one
                                performance obligation (that is, custody services) if there is a
                                separate fee charged for custody services, assuming the option for
                                trade execution services is not a material right and there is no
                                guaranteed minimum number of trades. In this case, the separate fee
                                for the custody services is allocated only to the custody services.
                                If there is no separate fee charged and no guaranteed minimum number
                                of trades, there is no contract until the first trade is
                                executed.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.17" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.17</b> The exercise of each option for trade execution
                                services is accounted for either as a change in the transaction
                                price (in accordance with paragraphs 42–45 of FASB ASC 606-10-32) or
                                a modification (in accordance with paragraphs 10–13 of FASB ASC
                                606-10-25) of the original contract (see paragraphs 11–12 of TRG
                                Agenda Ref. No. 34, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">March 2015 Meeting —
                                    Summary of Issues Discussed and Next Steps</i>). Most TRG
                                members and the FASB staff thought both views were supportable by
                                the language in the revenue standard (as cited earlier) because the
                                exercise of an option could result in additional consideration being
                                allocated to the option (that is, a change in the transaction price)
                                or a change in the scope or price of a contract (that is, a contract
                                modification). Paragraph 12 of TRG Agenda Ref. No. 34 states,</p>
      <lq class="- topic/lq ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">TRG members observed that in most, but not all, cases the
                                    financial reporting outcome of applying [either view] would be
                                    similar. Only in cases in which the optional goods or services
                                    are determined to be not distinct from the original promised
                                    goods or services, would the results appear to differ. The staff
                                    thinks that an entity typically would conclude that an optional
                                    good or service is distinct…TRG members agreed with the staff
                                    view that the method used should be applied consistently by an
                                    entity to similar types of material rights with similar facts
                                    and circumstances.</p>
      </lq>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.18" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.18</b> If a broker-dealer accounts for the exercise of
                                the option as a contract modification in accordance with paragraph
                                11 of TRG Agenda Ref. No. 34 and determines the trade execution
                                services are priced at their stand-alone selling price, it accounts
                                for the trade execution service as a separate contract and does not
                                allocate any consideration from the trade commission to the custody
                                services, in accordance with FASB ASC 606-10-25-12. If the
                                broker-dealer determines that the trade execution services are not
                                priced at their stand-alone selling price, the modification of the
                                contract is treated as the termination of the existing contract and
                                the creation of a new contract, in accordance with FASB ASC
                                606-10-25-13a. The amount of consideration to be allocated to the
                                remaining custody services and trades is the sum of the unrecognized
                                custody fee (if any), the unrecognized guaranteed minimum trade
                                commission (if any), and the trade commissions from the additional
                                trades. A broker-dealer then allocates the transaction price to the
                                trade execution services and custody service based on their relative
                                stand-alone selling prices. However, assuming the contract is
                                terminable at will, both performance obligations are satisfied by
                                the end of the day, so no allocation is required in these
                                circumstances unless the broker-dealer separately presents trade
                                execution services and custody services in its financial
                                statements.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.19" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.19</b> If a broker-dealer accounts for the exercise of
                                the option as a change in the transaction price <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="3" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-rev5-fn3" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph 11 of TRG Agenda Ref. No. 34, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">March 2015 Meeting — Summary of Issues
                                            Discussed and Next Steps</i>, states,</p>
               <lq class="- topic/lq ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">On Issue 1, most TRG members agreed with the staff
                                            view that View C (the exercise of a material right
                                            should be accounted for as variable consideration) is
                                            not supported by the guidance in the new revenue
                                            standard. TRG members agreed with the staff view that
                                            the guidance in the standard could be interpreted to
                                            support the following views.</p>
                  <ul outputclass="ul none" class="- topic/ul ">
                     <li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">(a) View A: At the time a customer exercises a
                                                  material right, an entity should update the
                                                  transaction price of the contract to include any
                                                  consideration to which the entity expects to be
                                                  entitled as a result of the exercise. The
                                                  additional consideration should be allocated to
                                                  the performance obligation underlying the material
                                                  right and should be recognized when or as the
                                                  performance obligation underlying the material
                                                  right is satisfied.</p>
                     </li>
                     <li class="- topic/li ">
                        <p class="- topic/p ">(b) View B: The exercise of a material right
                                                  should be accounted for as a contract
                                                  modification. That is, the additional
                                                  consideration received or the additional goods or
                                                  services provided when a customer exercises a
                                                  material right represent a change in the scope or
                                                  price of a contract. An entity should apply the
                                                  modification guidance in paragraphs 606-10-25-10
                                                  through 25-13.</p>
                     </li>
                  </ul>
               </lq>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-rev5_allocate_the_transaction_price.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-98c72f21-00e8-9011-265e-b5af22fa3566/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-rev5-fn3"/>
         </ph> in accordance with paragraph 11 of TRG Agenda Ref. No.
                                34, the trade commission from any exercised trade execution option
                                is added to the total transaction price and allocated to the custody
                                services and trade execution services based on their respective
                                stand-alone selling prices in accordance with FASB ASC 606-10-32-29.
                                However, assuming the contract is terminable at will, both
                                performance obligations are satisfied at the same time, so no
                                allocation is required in these circumstances unless the
                                broker-dealer separately presents revenue from trade execution
                                services and custody services in its financial statements.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.20" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.20</b> If volume discounts are provided in the contract
                                and the broker-dealer identifies the option as a material right, it
                                allocates a portion of the transaction price from each trade to the
                                material right based on the relative stand-alone selling price of
                                the option in accordance with FASB ASC 606-10-32-29. FASB ASC
                                606-10-55-44 provides guidance for estimating the stand-alone
                                selling price of an option. The amount allocated to the material
                                right is recognized as revenue when the option for the additional
                                trades priced at a discount is exercised or the option
                                expires.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>