<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-c94f3a82-e279-3ef3-e81a-cff1c6bee782" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Determine the Transaction Price</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.91" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.91</b> The transaction price is the amount of
                                consideration to which a broker-dealer expects to be entitled in
                                exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer.
                                In a typical M&amp;A advisory contract, there may be both a fixed
                                and a variable component. The fixed component usually relates to the
                                nonrefundable retainer fees and the fairness opinion (if part of the
                                same contract). The variable component usually relates to a success
                                fee that becomes due upon completion of the transaction or an
                                announcement fee that becomes due upon the announcement of the
                                transaction.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.92" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.92</b> The amount of variable consideration that the
                                broker-dealer can include in the transaction price is limited to the
                                amount for which it is probable that a significant reversal of
                                cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainties
                                related to the variability are resolved.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.93" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.93</b> FASB ASC 606-10-32-12 provides several factors to
                                consider when assessing whether variable consideration should be
                                constrained and to what degree it should be constrained. Factors
                                that could increase the likelihood or the magnitude of a revenue
                                reversal include, but are not limited to, any of the
                                following:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The amount of consideration is highly susceptible to
                                        factors outside the entity’s influence. Those factors may
                                        include volatility in a market, the judgment or actions of
                                        third parties, weather conditions, and a high risk of
                                        obsolescence of the promised good or service.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Resolution of the uncertainty about the amount of
                                        consideration is not expected for a long period of
                                        time.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The entity has limited experience with similar types of
                                        contracts or the experience has limited predictive
                                        value.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The entity has a practice of offering a broad range of
                                        price concessions or changing payment terms and conditions
                                        in similar circumstances for similar contracts.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">There is a large number and broad range of possible
                                        outcomes.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Based on these factors, particularly the first and last factors,
                                it may be difficult for a broker-dealer to assume that a transaction
                                will be completed and that it is probable that including the
                                variable fee (for example, a success fee) in the transaction price
                                will not result in a significant revenue reversal when the
                                uncertainty related to the variable consideration is
                                resolved.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.94" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.94</b> Estimates of variable consideration can change as
                                facts and circumstances evolve. A broker-dealer should continually
                                revise its estimates of variable consideration at each reporting
                                date during the contract period.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.95" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.95</b> FASB ASC 606-10-32-7a explains that in addition
                                to variable consideration stated in a contract, variability relating
                                to consideration promised by a customer may arise when the customer
                                has a valid expectation that a broker-dealer may accept an amount of
                                consideration less than the price stated in the contract based on
                                the broker-dealer’s customary business practices, published
                                policies, or specific statements. That is, it is expected that the
                                entity will offer a price concession. Broker-dealers sometimes do
                                not invoice customers for reimbursable expenses or fees to which
                                they are entitled in the contract for purposes of maintaining the
                                client relationship for future engagements. The broker-dealer should
                                therefore consider such price concessions in its estimation of
                                variable consideration.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>