<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-58464ffa-726a-9290-b841-509a059bb1c0" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Identify the Contract With a Customer</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.01" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.01</b> Acting as an agent, a broker-dealer may buy and
                                sell securities on behalf of its customers. In return for such
                                services, the broker-dealer charges a commission. Each time a
                                customer enters into a buy or sell transaction, a commission is
                                charged by the broker-dealer for its selling and administrative
                                efforts.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.02" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.02</b> Typically, a customer signs one contract with a
                                broker-dealer that governs the terms and conditions for trade
                                execution, clearing, custody, and potentially other services (that
                                is, the promised goods and services included in a single
                                contract).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.03" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.03</b> If the contract includes a separate fee for
                                custody services or a guaranteed minimum number of trades, FinREC
                                believes the contract will typically meet all of the criteria in
                                paragraphs 1–3 of FASB ASC 606-10-25 to be accounted for as a
                                contract under the standard when the customer deposits money or
                                transfers securities into an account, executes a trade, or the
                                contractual term of the custody services has begun. Prior to these
                                actions by the customer, a contract does not exist in accordance
                                with FASB ASC 606-10-25-4 because the contract is wholly unperformed
                                and either party could terminate the arrangement.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.04" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.04</b> If the contract does not include a separate fee
                                for custody services or a guaranteed minimum number of trades,
                                FinREC believes the contract will not meet the criteria in FASB ASC
                                606-10-25-1 until a trade order is submitted by the customer (even
                                if the customer deposits money or transfers securities into an
                                account) because the customer has no obligation to pay the
                                broker-dealer any consideration for its services.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.05" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.05</b> A typical brokerage contract generally can be
                                terminated at will by either the customer or broker-dealer. FASB ASC
                                606-10-25-3 explains that when a contract has no fixed duration and
                                can be terminated or modified by either party at any time, an entity
                                should apply the guidance in FASB ASC 606 to the duration of the
                                contract (that is, the contractual period) in which the parties to
                                the contract have present enforceable rights and obligations, unless
                                a customer has a material right that extends beyond the contract
                                term. For broker-dealers, this duration may be a one-day period (or
                                shorter) in cases where the contract is terminable at will.
                                Additional consideration and analysis may be required for brokerage
                                contracts with a specified term (such as one year).</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>