<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-6bf9e488-1a35-e024-051c-a619a7e124c7" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Recognize Revenue When (or as) the Entity Satisfies a
                                Performance Obligation</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.57" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">
                                5.6.57</b> In accordance with FASB ASC 606-10-25-27, a
                                performance obligation is satisfied over time if one of the
                                following criteria is met [analysis added]:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The issuer simultaneously receives and consumes the
                                        benefits provided by the broker-dealer’s performance as the
                                        broker-dealer performs the underwriting service.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">A broker-dealer should evaluate if another entity would
                                        not need to substantially reperform the work that the
                                        broker-dealer has completed to date if the other entity were
                                        to provide the securities underwriting services. That is, if
                                        another entity replaced the broker-dealer, would the other
                                        entity need to substantially reperform the broker-dealer’s
                                        performance to date? In a typical securities underwriting
                                        arrangement, another entity would generally not rely on the
                                        previous broker-dealer’s services to date. Rather, the other
                                        entity would perform its own services, which may include its
                                        own due diligence of the issuer, sales and marketing
                                        activities with its own investors, and its own securities
                                        pricing analysis. Therefore, the performance of these
                                        activities prior to the underwriter purchasing securities
                                        from the issuer typically does not transfer a benefit to the
                                        issuer as those tasks are performed.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The broker-dealer’s performance creates or enhances an
                                        asset controlled by the issuer as the asset is created or
                                        enhanced.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">Securities underwriting services do not create or enhance
                                        an asset controlled by the issuer.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The broker-dealer’s performance does not create an asset
                                        with an alternative use to the broker-dealer, and the
                                        broker-dealer has an enforceable right to payment for
                                        performance completed to date.</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">Securities underwriting services are unique to each issuer
                                        because the services are based on the issuer’s specific
                                        facts and circumstances. Generally, a broker-dealer would
                                        incur significant costs in redesigning the underwriting
                                        services for another issuer based on that issuer’s specific
                                        facts and circumstances. These services would not create an
                                        asset that the broker-dealer would be able to use in the
                                        future. To meet this requirement, a broker-dealer must also
                                        have an enforceable right to payment in an amount that
                                        approximates the selling price (that is, recovery of its
                                        cost plus a reasonable margin) for services completed to
                                        date. In a typical underwriting agreement, a broker-dealer
                                        will not have an enforceable right to payment until the
                                        consummation of the securities issuance and therefore has no
                                        right to payment for the services performed prior to such
                                        date.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.58" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.58</b> Based on the analysis in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_recognize_revenue_when_or2.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-6bf9e488-1a35-e024-051c-a619a7e124c7/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.57">paragraph 5.6.57</xref>, FinREC believes securities
                                underwriting transactions generally do not meet any of the
                                requirements for revenue to be recognized over time. Therefore, a
                                broker-dealer would generally recognize securities underwriting
                                revenue at a point in time.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.59" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.59</b> FASB ASC 606-10-25-30 provides indicators for
                                determining the point in time when the issuer obtains control of the
                                securities underwriting services and the broker-dealer’s performance
                                obligation is satisfied, which include the following [analysis
                                added]:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The entity has a present right to payment for the asset
                                        (the service).</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">A broker-dealer has a present right to payment, in the
                                        form of the underwriting spread that occurs on the trade
                                        date. The trade date is the date the broker-dealer enters
                                        into a firm commitment to purchase the securities from the
                                        issuer or, in the case of a best efforts arrangement, the
                                        date the securities are sold to investors.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The customer has legal title to the asset (the
                                        service).</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">The issuer has legal title to the capital raised (that is,
                                        the underwriting proceeds), which is a result of the
                                        consummation of the underwriting services provided, upon the
                                        purchase of the securities from the issuer, which occurs on
                                        the trade date.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The entity has transferred physical possession of the
                                        asset (the service).</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">Not applicable because underwriting services do not
                                        involve the transfer of a physical asset.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The customer has the significant risks and rewards of
                                        ownership of the asset (the service).</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">The issuer has the significant risks and rewards of the
                                        securities underwriting services when those securities are
                                        purchased by the underwriter (on the trade date). That is,
                                        the issuer is entitled to the capital raised and the issuer
                                        may also incur certain obligations to the investors (such as
                                        principal and interest payments to bond holders or dividends
                                        to preferred stock holders) on the trade date.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The customer has accepted the asset (the service).</p>
            <p class="- topic/p ">Although generally there are no acceptance provisions in
                                        underwriting agreements, the services are satisfied when the
                                        underwriter purchases the securities from the issuer (on the
                                        trade date).</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.60" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.60</b> Based on the analysis in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_recognize_revenue_when_or2.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-6bf9e488-1a35-e024-051c-a619a7e124c7/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.59">paragraph 5.6.59</xref>, FinREC believes the date on which the
                                underwriter purchases securities (the trade date) from the issuer is
                                the appropriate point in time to recognize revenue for securities
                                underwriting transactions. This conclusion is consistent with the
                                concept of transfer of control related to commission revenues (as
                                discussed in the section "<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_commission_income.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-4a3e7baa-571d-6ffa-621a-553c5c00b160">Commission Income</xref>" in paragraphs 5.6.01–5.6.32), whereby
                                control is transferred on the trade date. In an underwriting
                                arrangement there are no significant actions that an underwriter
                                takes subsequent to the trade date.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.61" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.61</b> The following example is meant to be
                                illustrative, and the actual application of the guidance in FASB ASC
                                606 should be based on the facts and circumstances of an entity’s
                                specific situation.</p>
      <example id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_example-idm4501924617158433902759418743" class="- topic/example ">
         <title class="- topic/title ">Example 5-6-1</title>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Broker-dealer A negotiates a contract with Customer B on April
                                    1, 20X6, to underwrite Customer B’s equity shares on a firm
                                    commitment basis. The offering consists of 6,000,000 equity
                                    shares and provides Broker-dealer A with an overallotment option
                                    to purchase up to an additional 900,000 shares within 30 days of
                                    the equity offering. The initial offering price to the public is
                                    $20 and the underwriting discount is $.50 (that is, the
                                    underwriter purchases the equity shares from Customer B for
                                    $19.50 per share). On April 8, 20X6, the underwriting contract
                                    is executed and becomes legally enforceable. In connection with
                                    the execution of the contract, Broker-dealer A purchases the
                                    equity shares from the issuer (that is, the trade date)
                                    resulting in the consummation of the securities issuance.
                                    Broker-dealer A also elects to exercise its overallotment option
                                    and purchases an additional 900,000 shares from the issuer on
                                    April 8, 20X6.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Identify the Contract With a
                                        Customer</i>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Based on the preceding facts, the underwriting agreement
                                    between Broker-dealer A and Customer B includes a contract that
                                    meets the criteria in FASB ASC 606-10-25-1. The underwriting
                                    agreement has been approved, each party’s rights and payment
                                    terms are identifiable, the contract contains commercial
                                    substance, and collectibility is probable on April 8, 20X6.
                                    Furthermore, as described in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_identify_separate_performance_obligations.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-8c03cd3b-3c3a-8214-8523-aa4f699c7ce3/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.52">paragraph 5.6.52</xref>, Broker-dealer A’s subsequent
                                    exercise of its overallotment option represents a contract
                                    modification resulting in a separate contract.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Identify the Performance
                                        Obligations</i>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Based on the preceding facts, the original contract includes a
                                    single performance obligation to raise capital for Customer B.
                                    The overallotment option was exercised and issued concurrently
                                    with the contractually required shares, resulting in a contract
                                    modification and a separate contract. Therefore, Broker-dealer A
                                    also has the enforceable rights and obligations to purchase the
                                    overallotment securities on April 8, 20X6.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Determine the Transaction
                                        Price</i>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Based on the preceding facts, the transaction price of the
                                    original contract is calculated as the underwriting discount
                                    amount of $3,000,000 (6,000,000 shares × $.50) and the
                                    transaction price of the overallotment contract is $450,000
                                    (900,000 shares × $.50).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Allocate the Transaction Price to the
                                        Performance Obligations</i>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">The transaction price of $3,000,000 is allocated to the single
                                    performance obligation in the original contract, and the
                                    transaction price of $450,000 is allocated to the single
                                    performance obligation in the overallotment contract.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Recognize Revenue</i>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Broker-dealer A would recognize underwriting revenue in the
                                    amount of $3,450,000 ($3,000,000 plus $450,000) on April 8,
                                    20X6, which is the date Broker-dealer A raised capital on behalf
                                    of the issuer.</p>
      </example>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>