<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-4aec936a-c95a-881b-6b91-0bf16a19c916" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Identify the Performance Obligations in the
                                Contract</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.06" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.06</b> In applying FASB ASC 606, a broker-dealer should
                                evaluate all of the services promised in the brokerage contract,
                                including those implied by a broker-dealer’s customary business
                                practice, to identify the separate performance obligations. Some
                                common services in a brokerage contract include trade execution,
                                clearing services, custody services, and investment research
                                services (investment research services are addressed in the section
                                    “<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_soft_dollars.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-0cff9b99-9de5-1589-08f4-0f6f35d3148b">Soft Dollars</xref>” in paragraphs 5.6.62–5.6.77). A
                                broker-dealer should carefully consider whether each service is
                                capable of being distinct and is distinct within the context of the
                                contract in accordance with paragraphs 19–21 of FASB ASC
                                606-10-25.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.07" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.07</b> Judgment is required when determining whether
                                clearing services are distinct within the context of the contract
                                (that is, separately identifiable). Generally, FinREC believes trade
                                execution and clearing services are not separately identifiable in
                                the context of a typical contract with a retail customer because
                                they are both inputs to the combined output of security trading.
                                Therefore, they are bundled into a single distinct service
                                (hereafter collectively referred to as <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">trade
                                    execution</i>).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.08" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.08</b> FinREC believes that trade execution and custody
                                services are distinct. Trade execution and custody services provide
                                a benefit to the customer either individually or together with other
                                resources that are readily available to the customer (that is, a
                                customer can benefit from custody services or trade execution
                                services on their own). The two services are also separately
                                identifiable in accordance with FASB ASC 606-10-25-21. Although the
                                custody affects the trade execution service, the trade execution
                                service does not affect the custody service, so the services do not
                                affect each other and are not highly interdependent or interrelated.
                                For example, a customer could transfer securities to a different
                                broker-dealer without executing a trade with them and receive the
                                benefit of custody services.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.09" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.09</b> Although the custody service performance
                                obligation is required to be performed as part of the contract (see
                                the earlier discussion in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_identify_the_contract.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-58464ffa-726a-9290-b841-509a059bb1c0/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.03">paragraphs 5.6.03–5.6.04</xref> on the existence of a
                                contract), trade execution is performed if a customer requests the
                                broker-dealer to initiate a trade. The option for trade execution
                                services represents an option to purchase services in addition to
                                the custody service instead of variable consideration (see TRG
                                Agenda Ref. No. 49) <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="2" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-rev5-fn2" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph 9 of FASB/IASB Joint Transition Resource Group
                                        for Revenue Recognition (TRG) Agenda Ref. No. 49, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">November 2015 Meeting — Summary of Issues
                                            Discussed and Next Steps</i>, states the
                                        following:</p>
               <lq class="- topic/lq ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">TRG members agreed that an important first step to
                                            distinguishing between optional goods or services and
                                            variable consideration for promised goods or services is
                                            to identify the nature of the entity’s promise to the
                                            customer as well as the enforceable rights and
                                            obligations of the parties. With an option for
                                            additional goods or services, the customer has a present
                                            right to choose to purchase additional distinct goods or
                                            services (or change the goods and services to be
                                            delivered). Prior to the customer’s exercise of that
                                            right, the vendor is not presently obligated to provide
                                            those goods or services and the customer is not
                                            obligated to pay for those goods or services. In the
                                            case of variable consideration for a promised good or
                                            service, the entity and the customer previously entered
                                            into a contract that obligates the entity to transfer
                                            the promised good or service and the customer to pay for
                                            that promised good or service. The future events that
                                            result in additional consideration occur after (or as)
                                            control of the goods or services have (or are)
                                            transferred. When a contract includes variable
                                            consideration based on a customer’s actions, those
                                            actions do not obligate the entity to provide additional
                                            distinct goods or services (or change the goods or
                                            services to be transferred), but rather, resolve the
                                            uncertainty associated with the amount of variable
                                            consideration that the customer is obligated to pay the
                                            entity.</p>
               </lq>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-rev5_identify_the.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-4aec936a-c95a-881b-6b91-0bf16a19c916/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-rev5-fn2"/>
         </ph> because the customer has a present contractual right to
                                choose the amount of additional distinct services that are purchased
                                (that is, a separate purchasing decision). However, if a contract
                                stipulates a guaranteed minimum number of trades, those trades are
                                considered performance obligations.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.10" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.10</b> Even if a contract does not exist until the first
                                trade is executed, any trades beyond the first are considered
                                optional purchases.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.11" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.11</b> An option gives rise to a separate performance
                                obligation in the contract only if it provides a material right to
                                the customer in accordance with FASB ASC 606-10-55-42. FASB ASC
                                606-10-55-43 explains that if the price of the additional goods and
                                services to be provided reflects the stand-alone selling price for
                                that good or service, then that option does not provide a material
                                right to the customer. TRG Agenda Ref. No. 11, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">October 2014 Meeting — Summary of Issues Discussed
                                    and Next Steps</i>, paragraph 7 states, “Most TRG members
                                agreed that the evaluation of whether an option provides a material
                                right should consider relevant transactions with the customer (that
                                is, current, past, and future transactions) and should consider both
                                quantitative and qualitative factors, including whether the right
                                accumulates (for example, loyalty points).” A broker-dealer should
                                evaluate the pricing of its trade execution services, among other
                                qualitative factors, to determine whether the option gives rise to a
                                material right.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.12" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.12</b> In accordance with FASB ASC 606-10-55-43, options
                                to purchase trade execution services priced at the stand-alone
                                selling price for that class of customer (for example, retail,
                                institutional) are not considered separate performance obligations
                                and are accounted for only when the customer exercises the option to
                                purchase the trade execution services. Trade execution services
                                priced at a discount to the stand-alone selling price, including
                                trade execution service pricing that includes volume discounts, may
                                represent a material right and be accounted for as a separate
                                performance obligation.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.13" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.13</b> Broker-dealers should also consider whether the
                                typical retail customer has a material right for custody services to
                                be provided beyond the contractual term of the arrangement, for
                                example, one day (see further discussion in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_identify_the_contract.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-58464ffa-726a-9290-b841-509a059bb1c0/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.05">paragraph 5.6.05</xref>). Paragraph 12 of TRG Agenda Ref. No.
                                54, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Considering Class of Customer When
                                    Evaluating Whether a Customer Option Gives Rise to a Material
                                    Right</i>, states, “The guidance in paragraphs
                                606-10-55-42 through 55-43 is intended to make clear that customer
                                options that would exist independently of an existing contract with
                                a customer do not constitute performance obligations in that
                                existing contract.” Custody services that could be provided beyond
                                the contractual term of the contract for no consideration would
                                exist independently of an existing contract with a customer when a
                                broker-dealer provides custody services to customers who do not have
                                an existing contract with the broker-dealer for no consideration. In
                                such a case, FinREC believes there is no material right for future
                                custody services. A material right may exist if the customer only
                                receives the custody services for no consideration because of
                                previously executed trades with the broker-dealer.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>