<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-89beb7e5-de53-c6ea-6a23-fed1d7174d80" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Determine the Transaction Price</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.124" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.124</b> A distributor’s compensation for selling or
                                distribution services is established by the contract between the
                                distributor and the fund and is normally included in the prospectus
                                written by the fund. Contracts may be structured with distribution
                                fees that become determinative (that is, uncertainty is resolved) at
                                different times, including up front, over time, upon an investor’s
                                redemption, or a combination thereof.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.125" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.125</b> Up-front distribution fees are generally a
                                fixed percentage of the share price. In this manner, the transaction
                                price for up-front fees is fixed at the date the shares are sold to
                                the investor.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.126" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.126</b> A distributor’s compensation from ongoing
                                distribution fees received is generally variable. The fee is
                                generally calculated as a fixed percentage of the then-current value
                                of the shares and received on an ongoing periodic basis so long as
                                the investor remains invested in the fund. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="7" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-rev-fn7" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Generally, the distributor must also remain the broker of
                                        record in order to be entitled to the fee.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-rev5_determine_the_transaction_price4.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-89beb7e5-de53-c6ea-6a23-fed1d7174d80/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-rev-fn7"/>
         </ph>The total amount of compensation is dependent on the
                                value of the shares at future points in time as well as the length
                                of time the investor remains in the fund.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.127" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.127</b> A distributor’s compensation from CDSCs is
                                generally variable. CDSCs may be paid upon an investor’s exit from
                                the fund. The amount of compensation generally varies based on the
                                length of time the investor remained in the fund as well the value
                                of the shares at the time of redemption.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.128" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.128</b> FASB ASC 606-10-32-11 requires that an
                                entity include variable consideration in the transaction price only
                                to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the
                                amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the
                                uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is
                                subsequently resolved.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.129" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.129</b> FASB ASC 606-10-32-12 provides factors to
                                consider when assessing whether variable consideration should be
                                constrained based on</p>
      <lq class="- topic/lq ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">the likelihood and the magnitude of a revenue reversal.
                                    Factors that could increase the likelihood or the magnitude of a
                                    revenue reversal include, but are not limited to, any of the
                                    following:</p>
         <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The amount of consideration is highly susceptible to
                                            factors outside the entity’s influence. Those factors
                                            may include volatility in a market, the judgment or
                                            actions of third parties, weather conditions, and a high
                                            risk of obsolescence of the promised good or
                                            service.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The uncertainty about the amount of consideration is
                                            not expected to be resolved for a long time.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The entity’s experience (or other evidence) with
                                            similar types of contracts is limited, or that
                                            experience (or other evidence) has limited predictive
                                            value.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The entity has a practice of either offering a broad
                                            range of price concessions or changing the payment terms
                                            and conditions of similar contracts in similar
                                            circumstances.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The contract has a large number and a broad range of
                                            possible consideration amounts.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </lq>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.130" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.130</b> Distributors should evaluate whether the
                                estimated variable consideration should be constrained (that is,
                                excluded from the transaction price and hence from revenue
                                recognition) in accordance with the factors noted previously.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.131" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.131</b> FinREC believes that if contracts with
                                customers are characterized by the following factors, then it is
                                likely that a distributor’s circumstances would result in a
                                constraint of the variable consideration because variable
                                consideration is included in the transaction price only to the
                                extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount
                                of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty
                                associated with the variable consideration is subsequently
                                resolved:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Variable consideration in selling or distribution
                                        contracts is highly susceptible to factors outside the
                                        distributor’s control such as the market value of the fund’s
                                        shares at future points in time and the length of time the
                                        investor will remain invested in the fund.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">There is uncertainty about the amount of ongoing
                                        distribution fees and CDSCs and this uncertainty is not
                                        expected to be resolved for a long time. However, a portion
                                        of the fees will become fixed and no longer constrained when
                                        the uncertainty is resolved at subsequent dates.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Despite a distributor’s historical experience with similar
                                        contracts, that experience generally would be of little
                                        predictive value in determining the future market value of
                                        investor shares or the period of time an investor will hold
                                        investments.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The ongoing distribution fees and CDSCs generally have a
                                        large number of and a broad range of possible
                                        amounts.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>