<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-43f24ef0-7187-e966-2463-790c64f2e2ee" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Determine the Transaction Price</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.68" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.68</b> When research services are combined with clearing
                                or execution agreements and accounted for as a single contract, the
                                transaction price is generally the commission fee defined in the
                                contract between the broker-dealer and the customer. A typical
                                transaction price is determined based on the contractually
                                agreed-upon commission rates multiplied by the quantity of trades
                                executed or cleared.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.69" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.69</b> A typical clearing or execution contract
                                generally can be terminated at will by either the broker-dealer or
                                the customer. FASB ASC 606-10-25-3 explains that when a contract has
                                no fixed duration and can be terminated or modified by either party
                                at any time, an entity should apply the guidance in FASB ASC 606 to
                                the duration of the contract (that is, the contractual period) in
                                which the parties to the contract (in this case, both parties) have
                                present enforceable rights and obligations. Further, FASB ASC
                                606-10-32-4 notes that when determining the transaction price, an
                                entity shall assume that the goods or services will be transferred
                                to the customer as promised in accordance with the existing contract
                                and that the contract will not be cancelled, renewed, or modified.
                                Therefore, only enforceable claims against the customer should be
                                included in the determination of the transaction price of a
                                contract. FinREC believes in many instances, due to at-will
                                termination rights, entities could consider each executed trade,
                                together with the associated research services or material right to
                                such services in a soft-dollar arrangement, to be a separate
                                contract and the fees associated with such trade to be the
                                transaction price under FASB ASC 606. The amounts collected under
                                these contracts are typically not refunded once the contract is
                                terminated, but this practice may vary by entity. Additional
                                consideration and analysis may also be required for brokerage
                                contracts with a specified term (such as one year) or minimum
                                quantity of trades.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.70" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.70</b> Research services provided by the broker-dealer
                                may be internally generated or obtained by the broker-dealer from a
                                third party and transferred to the customer (in which case, they
                                would be considered a performance obligation) or they may be
                                services provided by third parties that are paid directly by the
                                broker-dealer on behalf of the customer (in which case, arranging
                                for those goods or services to be provided by the third party would
                                be considered a performance obligation as noted previously). When
                                the broker-dealer pays third parties on behalf of the customer, the
                                broker-dealer needs to determine if the broker-dealer is acting as
                                an agent or a principal (see <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_determine_the_transaction_price2.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-43f24ef0-7187-e966-2463-790c64f2e2ee/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.71">paragraphs 5.6.71–5.6.72</xref>).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.71" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.71</b> When a third party is used to provide research
                                services, the principal versus agent guidance in paragraphs 36–40 of
                                FASB ASC 606-10-55 should be considered. The broker-dealer may be
                                considered a principal if it controls the research from the third
                                party, regardless of whether the research is provided to the
                                customer directly by the third party or through the broker-dealer. A
                                broker-dealer should consider the indicators that an entity controls
                                the research before it is transferred to the customer in FASB ASC
                                606-10-55-39 in making this assessment. If the broker-dealer
                                determines that it is acting as the principal, the revenue should be
                                reported gross of any expenses (for example, the cost of the related
                                research).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.72" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.72</b> The broker-dealer may be considered an agent if
                                it does not control the research services before they are
                                transferred to the customer. In this circumstance, the broker-dealer
                                should include the net fee it expects to be entitled to for
                                arranging to have another party provide the research services to the
                                customer in the transaction price. For example, assume a
                                broker-dealer acting as an agent pays $40,000 to Bloomberg on behalf
                                of its customer for the use of a Bloomberg terminal by its customer.
                                In this example, the broker-dealer would report revenue, if any, for
                                the difference between the $40,000 paid to Bloomberg and the
                                transaction price allocated to the research services.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.73" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.73</b> Paragraphs 15–20 of FASB ASC 606-10-32 require
                                that if the timing of payment agreed to by the broker-dealer and the
                                customer provides the customer with a significant benefit of
                                financing the services, the transaction price should be adjusted for
                                the significant financing component. FASB ASC 606-10-32-17 includes
                                factors that would indicate that there is not a significant
                                financing component and, as a result, the transaction price should
                                not be adjusted. FinREC believes the transaction price in these
                                arrangements would generally not be adjusted because either (1) a
                                substantial amount of the consideration promised by the customer is
                                paid in advance and the timing of the transfer of the goods or
                                services is at the discretion of the customer (FASB ASC
                                606-10-32-17a) or (2) the period between when the entity transfers
                                the research and when the customer pays for it will be one year or
                                less (which is often the case for soft-dollar arrangements), in
                                which case the broker-dealer may apply the practical expedient (FASB
                                ASC 606-10-32-18).</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>