<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-b9284c7f-39b4-e77d-7bfd-54500ade7d0c" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Scope</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.38" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.38</b> Underwriting revenues should be accounted for
                                using the five-step revenue recognition model within FASB ASC
                                606.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.39" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.39</b> In certain transactions, the issuer grants the
                                underwriters the option to sell investors more securities than
                                originally planned by the issuer. This option is legally referred to
                                as an overallotment option and is commonly referred to as a
                                "greenshoe option." The overallotment option is typically exercised
                                when the demand for a security issue proves higher than expected and
                                in situations in which the offering is "oversubscribed" by
                                investors. The exercise of this option is dependent on the trading
                                activity of the underwritten shares, and the option is usually
                                exercised to cover a short position. The broker-dealer is not
                                obligated to exercise this option, and the exercise is solely at the
                                discretion of the broker-dealer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.40" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.40</b> A broker-dealer should evaluate whether an
                                overallotment option meets the requirements of a derivative contract
                                under FASB ASC 815, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Derivatives and
                                    Hedging</i>. A broker-dealer will need to assess the
                                facts and circumstances of the underwriting transaction in
                                determining whether the overallotment meets the requirements of a
                                derivative contract under FASB ASC 815. If the broker-dealer
                                concludes that the overallotment option is a derivative contract,
                                the derivative contract should be accounted for under FASB ASC 815
                                and is therefore outside the scope of FASB ASC 606.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.41" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.41</b> If the broker-dealer determines that the
                                overallotment is not a derivative contract, refer to <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_identify_separate_performance_obligations.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-8c03cd3b-3c3a-8214-8523-aa4f699c7ce3/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.52">paragraph 5.6.52</xref> on the accounting for the overallotment
                                option under FASB ASC 606.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.42" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.42</b> In addition to exercising the overallotment
                                option, broker-dealers may also purchase and sell shares directly in
                                the market subsequent to the offering in an effort to stabilize
                                fluctuating share prices by increasing or decreasing the supply of
                                shares according to initial public demand. The broker-dealer is not
                                contractually obligated to purchase and sell shares in the market.
                                These stabilization activities are undertaken by the broker-dealer
                                as part of the capital markets activities and there is no transfer
                                of control of goods or services (that is, there is no additional
                                capital raised as a result of stabilization activities). Although
                                the issuer may benefit from market stabilization activities, these
                                activities are undertaken to benefit the broader capital markets as
                                well as the broker-dealer, and therefore, in accordance with FASB
                                ASC 606-10-25-16, FinREC believes these activities do not represent
                                an implied promise. All revenues associated with price stabilization
                                conducted in the secondary market are not within the scope of FASB
                                ASC 606 and should be recognized in accordance with FASB ASC 860,
                                    <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Transfers and Servicing,</i> and
                                FASB ASC 940<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">, Financial Services — Brokers
                                    and Dealers</i>, because these revenues are related to
                                proprietary trading activities. Refer to the section "<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_scope.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-b9284c7f-39b4-e77d-7bfd-54500ade7d0c">Scope</xref>" in paragraphs 5.7.01–5.7.04.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>