<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-0a5e663d-94ba-43e3-eaea-16067a4eb6a1" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Allocate the Transaction Price to the Performance
                                Obligations in the Contract</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.96" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.96</b> Once the performance obligations have been
                                identified and the transaction price has been determined, the
                                broker-dealer will allocate the transaction price to the distinct
                                performance obligations. If the broker-dealer determines there are
                                multiple performance obligations in the M&amp;A advisory contract
                                (for example, a promise to provide a fairness opinion and to broker
                                the sale of a business), the broker-dealer would then allocate the
                                transaction price to each performance obligation.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.97" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.97</b> In accordance with FASB ASC 606-10-32-29, the
                                transaction price should be allocated to the performance obligations
                                based on their relative stand-alone selling prices. If the
                                broker-dealer determines that the stand-alone selling price of an
                                item is not directly observable, it should be estimated. FASB ASC
                                606 does not prescribe or prohibit any particular method for
                                estimating the stand-alone selling price, as long as the method
                                results in an estimate that faithfully represents the price that an
                                entity would charge for the goods or services if they were sold
                                separately.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.98" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.98</b> The transaction price is generally allocated to
                                all performance obligations in a contract based on their relative
                                stand-alone selling prices. However, variable consideration might be
                                attributable to one or more, but not all, of the performance
                                obligations in an arrangement. Variable consideration (and
                                subsequent changes in the estimate of that consideration) should be
                                allocated entirely to a single performance obligation only if both
                                of the following criteria are met in FASB ASC 606-10-32-40:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The terms of a variable payment relate specifically to the
                                        entity’s efforts to satisfy the performance obligation or
                                        transfer the distinct good or service (or to a specific
                                        outcome from satisfying the performance obligation or
                                        transferring the distinct good or service).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Allocating the variable amount of consideration entirely
                                        to the performance obligation or the distinct good or
                                        service is consistent with the allocation objective...when
                                        considering all of the performance obligations and payment
                                        terms in the contract.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.99" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.99</b> The guidance in FASB ASC 606-10-32-40 may apply
                                to an M&amp;A advisory arrangement in which there is a success fee
                                (that is, variable consideration). For example, in an M&amp;A
                                advisory arrangement that includes multiple performance obligations
                                (such as to broker or to advise on the sale of the business and to
                                issue a fairness opinion), the success fee may relate entirely to
                                the promise to broker or to advise on the sale of the business. This
                                may meet the allocation objective if another fixed fee that is
                                consistent with the stand-alone selling price of the fairness
                                opinion is allocated to that performance obligation.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.100" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.100</b> To meet the allocation objective as stated
                                in FASB ASC 606-10-32-40b, the FASB staff noted in a July 2015
                                Revenue Transition Resource Group meeting (paragraph 35 of TRG
                                Agenda Ref. No. 44, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">July 2015 Meeting —
                                    Summary of Issues Discussed and Next Steps</i>) that
                                stakeholders should apply reasonable judgment to determine whether
                                the allocation results in a reasonable outcome. Stand-alone selling
                                prices in some cases might be used to determine the reasonableness
                                of the allocation, but they are not required to be used.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.101" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.101</b> As described previously, the amount of
                                variable consideration a broker-dealer can include in the
                                transaction price is limited to the amount for which it is probable
                                that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will
                                not occur when the uncertainties related to the variability are
                                resolved.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.102" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.102</b> If other advisory activities such as those
                                discussed in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_identify_the_performance_obligations.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-155bf7b5-a511-c156-6820-6d556f75985b/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.82">paragraph 5.6.82</xref> do not represent a separate performance
                                obligation because no good or service is transferred to the customer
                                or because the broker-dealer concludes the good or service is highly
                                interrelated with or dependent on other goods or services in the
                                contract, none of the transaction price would be allocated to those
                                individual activities.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>