<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-fdff2e28-9dca-02bd-8429-5cd96b7b9cf5" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Recognize Revenue When (or as) the Entity Satisfies a
                                Performance Obligation</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.103" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.103</b> Revenue is recognized when a performance
                                obligation is satisfied, which is when the promised goods or
                                services are transferred to the customer. Transfer occurs when the
                                customer takes control of the promised good or service.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.104" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.104</b> In accordance with FASB ASC 606-10-25-24 a
                                broker-dealer should identify whether performance obligations are
                                satisfied over time or at a point in time. To make this
                                determination, a broker-dealer should first assess the criteria for
                                over-time recognition in FASB ASC 606-10-25-27, which states the
                                following:</p>
      <lq class="- topic/lq ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">An entity transfers control of a good or service over time
                                    and, therefore, satisfies a performance obligation and
                                    recognizes revenue over time, if one of the following criteria
                                    is met:</p>
         <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The customer simultaneously receives and consumes the
                                            benefits provided by the entity’s performance as the
                                            entity performs...</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The entity’s performance creates or enhances an asset
                                            (for example, work in process) that the customer
                                            controls as the asset is created or enhanced...</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The entity’s performance does not create an asset with
                                            an alternative use to the entity...and the entity has an
                                            enforceable right to payment for performance completed
                                            to date.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </lq>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.105" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.105</b> FinREC believes it is unlikely that M&amp;A
                                advisory arrangements will meet the criterion in FASB ASC
                                606-10-25-27b because the performance does not create or enhance a
                                customer-controlled asset nor meet the criterion in FASB ASC
                                606-10-25-27c because these engagements generally do not provide for
                                an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.
                                However, the criterion in FASB ASC 606-10-25-27a may be met for
                                certain arrangements. However, the criterion in FASB ASC
                                606-10-25-27a may be met for certain arrangements. FASB ASC
                                606-10-55-5 notes that "for some types of performance obligations,
                                the assessment of whether a customer receives the benefits of an
                                entity’s performance as the entity performs and simultaneously
                                consumes those benefits as they are received will be
                                straightforward." For other types of performance obligations, FASB
                                ASC 606-10-55-6 states "an entity may not be able to readily
                                identify whether a customer simultaneously receives and consumes the
                                benefits from the entity’s performance as the entity performs," and
                                it provides the following additional guidance to evaluate whether a
                                customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits from the
                                entity’s performance as the entity performs:</p>
      <lq class="- topic/lq ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">In those circumstances, a performance obligation is satisfied
                                    over time if an entity determines that another entity would not
                                    need to substantially re-perform the work that the entity has
                                    completed to date if that other entity were to fulfill the
                                    remaining performance obligation to the customer. In determining
                                    whether another entity would not need to substantially
                                    re-perform the work the entity has completed to date, an entity
                                    should make both of the following assumptions:</p>
         <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Disregard potential contractual restrictions or
                                            practical limitations that otherwise would prevent the
                                            entity from transferring the remaining performance
                                            obligation to another entity.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Presume that another entity fulfilling the remainder
                                            of the performance obligation would not have the benefit
                                            of any asset that is presently controlled by the entity
                                            and that would remain controlled by the entity if the
                                            performance obligation were to transfer to another
                                            entity.</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </lq>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.106" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.106</b> The application of the concept in FASB ASC
                                606-10-55-6 was further discussed in TRG Agenda Ref. No. 46,
                                    <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Pre-production Activities</i>.
                                Paragraph 10 of TRG Agenda Ref. No. 46 states the following:</p>
      <lq class="- topic/lq ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph 606-10-55-6 notes that sometimes an entity may not
                                    be able to readily identify whether this criterion is met. In
                                    those circumstances, an entity would consider whether another
                                    entity would need to re-perform the work that the entity has
                                    completed to date if that other entity were to fulfill the
                                    remaining performance obligation. For example, consider a
                                    scenario in which an entity is performing engineering and
                                    development as part of developing a new product for a customer.
                                    If the entity provides the customer with periodic progress
                                    reports (in a level of detail that would not require the
                                    customer to contract with another entity to re-perform the work)
                                    or if the entity is required to provide the customer with the
                                    design information completed to date in the case of a
                                    termination, then the entity likely would conclude that control
                                    of that service has transferred to the customer.</p>
      </lq>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Although this guidance in TRG Agenda Ref No. 46 was provided in
                                the context of preproduction activities in a manufacturing
                                arrangement, the guidance may be helpful when evaluating whether
                                another entity would be required to substantially re-perform the
                                work that the broker-dealer has completed to date if the other
                                entity were to fulfill the remaining performance obligation to the
                                customer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.107" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.107</b> FinREC believes the obligation by a
                                broker-dealer to provide a fairness opinion that is a separate
                                performance obligation would likely be recognized at a point in time
                                when the fairness opinion is provided to the customer. That is, the
                                customer is not simultaneously receiving and consuming the benefit
                                of the entity’s performance to provide the fairness opinion in
                                accordance with FASB ASC 606-10-25-27a, the services would not meet
                                the criterion in FASB ASC 606-10-25-27b, and it is unlikely the
                                services would meet the criterion in FASB ASC 606-10-25-27c.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.108" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.108</b> In regards to other performance obligations
                                in M&amp;A advisory engagements, entities will need to determine
                                whether any of the criteria for recognizing revenue over time in
                                FASB ASC 606-10-25-27 are met. As noted previously, FinREC believes
                                it is unlikely that M&amp;A advisory arrangements will meet the
                                criteria in FASB ASC 606-10-25-27b or c; however, FASB ASC
                                606-10-25-27a may be met for some arrangements. The determination
                                about whether the criterion in FASB ASC 606-10-25-27a is met may
                                require significant judgment and should take into consideration all
                                the facts and circumstances in the arrangement, including the
                                specific contract terms (including payment terms), nature of the
                                services being provided to the customer, knowledge and information
                                provided to the customer or retained by the broker-dealer, and other
                                relevant details of the arrangements.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.109" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.109</b> If the broker-dealer determines that the
                                criterion in FASB ASC 606-10-25-27a is met for a performance
                                obligation, revenue allocated to the performance obligation (subject
                                to the constraint in FASB ASC 606-10-32-11) would be recognized over
                                time as performance occurs using an appropriate measure of progress
                                as determined in accordance with paragraphs 31–37 of FASB ASC
                                606-10-25.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.110" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.110</b> If the broker-dealer determines that the
                                criterion in FASB ASC 606-10-25-27a is not met for a performance
                                obligation, revenue (including milestone payments, retainer fees,
                                announcement fees, success fees, or other fees) allocated to the
                                performance obligation (subject to the constraint in FASB ASC
                                606-10-32-11) would be recognized at the point in time the
                                broker-dealer determines control of the service transfers to the
                                customer in accordance with FASB ASC 606-10-25-30 (likely at the
                                point in time that performance under the M&amp;A advisory engagement
                                is completed or the contract is cancelled).</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>