<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-fce5e8f6-da93-6ce8-828f-59751d482d61" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Identify the Contract With a Customer</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.79" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.79</b> A broker-dealer will enter into an M&amp;A
                                advisory contract that may not contain a duration and that may be
                                terminable at will by either party without cause. The contract may
                                contain nonrefundable retainer fees or success fees, which may be
                                fixed or represent a percentage of value that the customer receives
                                if and when the corporate finance activity (for example, the sale of
                                a business) is completed (hereafter referred to as "success fees").
                                In some cases, there is also an "announcement fee" that is
                                calculated on the date that a transaction is announced based on the
                                price included in the underlying sale agreement. In most cases, the
                                retainer fees, announcement fee, or other milestone fees reduce any
                                success fee subsequently invoiced and received upon the completion
                                of the corporate finance activity. In addition, the customer may
                                require a bespoke valuation or "fairness opinion" in conjunction
                                with the sale of a business. This service can be performed by the
                                broker-dealer as part of, or separate from, the advisory contract
                                with the customer, or by a separate broker-dealer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.80" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.80</b> A broker-dealer should evaluate whether the
                                M&amp;A advisory contract meets the definition of a contract with a
                                customer based on the criteria in FASB ASC 606-10-25-1. An M&amp;A
                                advisory contract is accounted for in accordance with the guidance
                                in FASB ASC 606 only when all of the following criteria are
                                met:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The contract has been approved (in writing, orally, or in
                                        accordance with customary business practices) and the
                                        parties are committed to perform their respective
                                        obligations.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The broker-dealer can identify each party’s rights.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The broker-dealer can identify the payment terms.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The contract has commercial substance.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Collection of the consideration is probable.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.81" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.81</b> When assessing the collectibility criterion, a
                                broker-dealer will need to consider the customer’s ability and
                                intent to pay the consideration when it becomes due. Assuming the
                                collectibility criteria are met, FinREC believes that, generally, a
                                signed contract between two parties in an agreement to provide
                                M&amp;A advisory services will meet the definition of a contract
                                with a customer under FASB ASC 606. If either the broker-dealer or
                                the customer has the right to unilaterally cancel the contract
                                without paying a substantive termination penalty, the contract term
                                might be day to day (or minute to minute). However, when a M&amp;A
                                advisory contract includes a nonrefundable retainer payment, a
                                broker-dealer will need to evaluate whether the nonrefundable fee
                                relates to the transfer of a good or service. FinREC believes that,
                                typically, a retainer fee represents an advance payment for future
                                goods or services that would be part of the consideration allocable
                                to the goods or services in the M&amp;A advisory contract and would
                                be recognized when or as the goods or service to which the
                                consideration is allocated is transferred to the customer.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>