<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-a2ea9973-2284-4d7b-9195-92913df5462b" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Identify Separate Performance Obligations</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.117" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.117</b> Services promised in a selling or
                                distribution contract generally include (1) the sale of fund
                                interests, (2) marketing services, and (3) other shareholder
                                services. Marketing services may include development, formulation,
                                and implementation of marketing and promotional activities and
                                preparation, printing, and distribution of prospectuses and reports.
                                In some cases, distribution contracts may also include ongoing
                                shareholder services such as processing of shareholder transactions
                                and the maintenance of shareholder records. Depending on the
                                promises within a selling or distribution contract, the distributor
                                may identify a single performance obligation or multiple performance
                                obligations.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.118" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.118</b> Each distributor should consider the
                                specific terms of a given selling or distribution contract and
                                identify performance obligations as defined in FASB ASC
                                606-10-25-14. In order to evaluate the performance obligations
                                included in a selling or distribution contract, the distributor
                                should identify the goods or services promised to the customer and
                                evaluate the nature of these promises to the customer. In making
                                this assessment, consideration may need to be given to the guidance
                                on combination of contracts in FASB ASC 606-10-25-9 when the
                                different types of services are contracted separately but at or near
                                the same time with the customer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.119" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.119</b> As discussed in FASB ASC 606-10-25-14, a
                                performance obligation is a promise to transfer to the customer
                                either</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">a good or service (or a bundle of services) that is
                                        distinct or</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">a series of distinct goods or services that are
                                        substantially the same and have the same pattern of transfer
                                        to the customer.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.120" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.120</b> Each service included in a contract should
                                be analyzed under paragraphs 19–22 of FASB ASC 606-10-25 to
                                determine whether it is a distinct service that represents a
                                performance obligation that should be accounted for
                                separately.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.121" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.121</b> The nature of the distributor’s overall
                                promise in the contract is to provide marketing services in
                                conjunction with the sales of shares. In order to sell shares to
                                investors, the distributor may develop and formulate marketing
                                materials related to the fund offering. Generally, the marketing and
                                selling of the shares are performed by the same distributor where
                                the distributor is paid only upon a sale of shares with no separate
                                fee for marketing.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.122" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.122</b> Because the success of selling shares is
                                highly dependent on the marketing efforts, sales and marketing are
                                highly interrelated and interdependent on one another because the
                                sole purpose of marketing is to sell shares. The distributor
                                integrates marketing and selling services to provide the combined
                                output of selling the shares for which the customer has contracted.
                                In other words, the entity is using the services as inputs to
                                deliver the combined output specified by the customer. Therefore,
                                FinREC believes both sales and marketing generally would not be
                                considered separately identifiable based on FASB ASC 606-10-25-19b,
                                606-10-25-21a, and 606-10-25-21c. However, individual facts and
                                circumstances of specific agreements and arrangements should be
                                carefully evaluated.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.123" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.123</b> As noted in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_identify_separate_performance_obligations3.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-a2ea9973-2284-4d7b-9195-92913df5462b/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.117">paragraph 5.6.117</xref>, a distribution agreement generally
                                includes (1) the sale of fund interests, (2) marketing services, and
                                (3) other shareholder services. As noted in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_identify_separate_performance_obligations3.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-a2ea9973-2284-4d7b-9195-92913df5462b/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.122">paragraph 5.6.122</xref>, FinREC believes that, generally, the
                                sale and marketing services are combined to make one performance
                                obligation. Judgment and additional analysis are required when
                                determining whether shareholder services meet the definition of a
                                performance obligation that is separately identifiable under FASB
                                ASC 606-10-25-21. See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_allocate_the_transaction_price5.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-1a0620ea-5c02-6ae0-47ca-94f6094229f1/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.133">paragraphs 5.6.133</xref> and <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_revenue_streams/topics/aag-rev5_allocate_the_transaction_price5.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-1a0620ea-5c02-6ae0-47ca-94f6094229f1/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.137">5.6.137</xref>.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>