<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-ee49f905-579a-aea5-d507-e3d38c307e00" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Identify the Contract With a Customer</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.43" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.43</b> A broker-dealer enters an underwriting agreement
                                when engaged in securities underwriting. The contract is commonly
                                between a syndicate group, including the broker-dealer, and the
                                issuer. A broker-dealer should evaluate the underwriting agreement
                                to determine if the criteria within FASB ASC 606-10-25-1 are met.
                                Generally, an executed underwriting agreement would illustrate that
                                the contract has been approved, that each party’s rights and payment
                                terms are identified, and that it has commercial substance.
                                Broker-dealers should evaluate the facts and circumstances of the
                                underwriting transaction when assessing the probability of
                                collecting consideration from the issuer. FinREC believes
                                underwriting contracts generally do not meet the criteria in FASB
                                606-10-25-1 until the underwriting agreement is executed and is
                                legally enforceable.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.44" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.44</b> As discussed in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-rev5_other_related_topics/topics/aag-rev5_principal_versus_agent_considerations.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-fd724e0d-f4df-2a95-1a39-4148432d8976/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.7.26">paragraph 5.7.26</xref> of the section "Principal Versus Agent:
                                Costs Associated With Underwriting," FinREC believes that generally,
                                the lead (or managing) underwriter is not acting as a principal to
                                provide underwriting services for the overall issuance, and
                                therefore the lead underwriter should only record underwriting
                                revenues in amounts related to its services and not include any
                                revenues related to the services of the participating underwriters.
                                Therefore, FinREC believes the issuer in a securities underwriting
                                transaction is the customer of each of the underwriters within the
                                syndicate group.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.45" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.45</b> Broker-dealers may be engaged to provide services
                                in addition to being engaged in underwriting securities. Such
                                services could include providing bridge financing, term loans, or
                                credit facilities.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.46" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.46</b> A broker-dealer should consider the guidance in
                                FASB ASC 606-10-25-9 to determine whether these service contracts
                                and an underwriting agreement should be combined and evaluated as a
                                single contract. Two or more contracts entered into at or near the
                                same time with the same customer should be combined if one or more
                                of the following criteria are met:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The contracts are negotiated as a package with a single
                                        commercial objective.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The amount of consideration to be paid in one contract
                                        depends on the price or performance of the other
                                        contract.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The goods or services promised in the contracts (or some
                                        goods or services promised in each of the contracts) are
                                        determined to be a single performance obligation.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev5.6.47" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.6.47</b> FASB ASC 606-10-15-4 describes how to separate
                                and measure portions of the contract that meet the scope exceptions
                                in FASB ASC 606-10-15-2 before applying the model.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>