<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24_UUID-ee78ab0f-870d-1083-fd2d-fb063524f121" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Accounting for the Transaction</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">Accounting for the Transaction <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="4" id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24-aag-afi10-fn4" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">In August 2017, FASB issued
                                Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2017-12, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Targeted
                                    Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities</i>, to
                                simplify the application of hedge accounting by aligning it with an
                                entity’s risk management activities in their financial statements.
                                For public business entities, the guidance was effective for fiscal
                                years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods
                                within those fiscal years. For entities other than public business
                                entities, ASU No. 2017-12 is effective for fiscal years beginning
                                after December 15, 2020, and interim periods within fiscal years
                                beginning after December 15, 2021; these effective dates reflect
                                amendments from ASU No. 2019-10, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Financial
                                    Instruments — Credit Losses (Topic 326), Derivatives and Hedging
                                    (Topic 815), and Leases (Topic 842): Effective Dates</i>,
                                which delayed the effective dates of several major updates in
                                response to feedback FASB received from stakeholders. Early
                                application is permitted in any interim period after the date this
                                ASU was issued.</ph>
               </p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi10_accounting_for_the_transaction.dita#UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24_UUID-ee78ab0f-870d-1083-fd2d-fb063524f121/UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24-aag-afi10-fn4"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24_aag-afi10.08" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">10.08</b> In order to
                    meet the criteria for hedge accounting, the hedge must be highly effective. When
                    certain conditions are met, the entity may assume that an interest rate swap
                    will be completely effective in hedging benchmark interest rate risk. In that
                    situation, the entity may elect to use the shortcut method discussed in
                    paragraphs 102–117 of FASB ASC 815-20-25, thereby avoiding the need to formally
                    assess hedging effectiveness at inception and on a continuing basis. In this
                    case study, one of those conditions is not met because the interest rate swap
                    matures one month later than the bond obligation.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24_aag-afi10.09" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">10.09</b> Because the
                    expiration date of the interest rate swap is different than the maturity date of
                    the debt obligation, fluctuations in the benchmark interest rate may have
                    varying effects on the fair values of the bond obligation and interest rate
                    swap. Accordingly, JLM may not assume that the changes in fair value of the
                    interest rate swap are, and will continue to be, completely effective at
                    offsetting the changes in fair value of the bond obligation attributable to
                    changes in the benchmark interest rate.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24_aag-afi10.10" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">10.10</b> JLM assessed
                    hedge effectiveness by comparing the change in the fair value of the interest
                    rate swap with the portion of the change in the fair value of the bond
                    obligation attributable to changes in the benchmark interest rate. The change in
                    the bond obligation’s fair value attributable to changes in the benchmark
                    interest rate for a specific period is determined as the difference between two
                    present value calculations as of the end of the period that exclude or include,
                    respectively, the effect of the changes in the benchmark interest rate during
                    the period. The discount rates used for those present value calculations would
                    be, respectively, the discount rate equal to the coupon rate for the bond
                    obligation (assuming no changes in JLM’s creditworthiness) at the inception of
                    the hedge adjusted (up or down) for changes in the</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">benchmark rate (designated as the interest rate risk being hedged)
                            from the inception of the hedge to the beginning date of the period for
                            which the change in fair value is being calculated.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">designated benchmark rate from the inception of the hedge to the
                            ending date of the period for which the change in fair value is being
                            calculated.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">Consistent with “Pending Content” in FASB ASC
                        815-25-55-55, JLM assessed hedge effectiveness by comparing the change in
                        the fair value of the interest rate swap with the portion of the change in
                        the fair value of the bond obligation attributable to changes in the
                        benchmark interest rate. The change in the bond obligation’s fair value
                        attributable to changes in the benchmark interest rate for a specific period
                        is determined as the difference between two present value calculations that
                        use the remaining cash flows as of the end of the period and reflect in the
                        discount rate the effect of the changes in the benchmark interest rate
                        during the period.</ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24_aag-afi10.11" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">10.11</b> Both present
                    value calculations are computed using the estimated future cash flows for the
                    hedged item (which typically would be its remaining contractual cash flows).
                    Hedge ineffectiveness will occur if changes in the fair value of the obligation
                    under the bond attributable to changes in the benchmark interest rate do not
                    equal changes in the fair value of the swap.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">Consistent with “Pending Content” in FASB ASC
                        815-25-55-56, both present value calculations are computed using the
                        estimated future cash flows for the hedged item, which would be either its
                        remaining contractual coupon cash flows or the LIBOR benchmark rate
                        component of the remaining contractual coupon cash flows determined at hedge
                        inception. Hedge ineffectiveness will occur if changes in the fair value of
                        the obligation under the bond attributable to changes in the benchmark
                        interest rate do not equal changes in the fair value of the swap.</ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24_aag-afi10.12" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">10.12</b> Additional
                    facts that impact the accounting for this transaction include the
                    following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The basis adjustments recognized in earnings related to the bond
                            obligation should be equal to the changes in the fair value of the bond
                            obligation attributable to changes in the benchmark interest rate.
                                <ph class="- topic/ph ">
                  <fn callout="5" id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24-aag-afi10-fn5" class="- topic/fn ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">In calculating the change in the hedged item’s fair value
                                    attributable to changes in the benchmark interest rate, FASB
                                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting Standards Codification</i> (ASC)
                                    815-25-35-13 requires that the estimated cash flows used in
                                    calculating fair value be based on all the contractual cash
                                    flows of the entire hedged item.</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">Consistent with “Pending
                                        Content” in FASB ASC 815-25-35-13, in calculating the change
                                        in the hedged item’s fair value attributable to changes in
                                        the benchmark interest rate, the estimated coupon cash flows
                                        used in calculating fair value should be based on either the
                                        full contractual coupon cash flows or the benchmark rate
                                        component of the contractual coupon cash flows of the hedged
                                        item determined at hedge inception. FASB ASC 815-25-35-13B
                                        addresses partial-term hedges of interest rate risk.
                                    </ph>
                     </p>
                  </fn>
                  <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi10_accounting_for_the_transaction.dita#UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24_UUID-ee78ab0f-870d-1083-fd2d-fb063524f121/UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24-aag-afi10-fn5"/>
               </ph>
            </p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The interest rate swap was issued at the market rate on February 1,
                            20X1; therefore, no cash was exchanged at inception of the contract, and
                            no entries related to the time value of money were required.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">All the hedge accounting criteria contained in FASB ASC 815-20-25 were
                            met. Hedge effectiveness was achieved at the inception of the
                            contract.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The bond’s 8% stated interest rate is the market rate on January 1,
                            20X1, when the bond was issued. The benchmark interest rate on February
                            1, 20X1, was 5%.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">During 20X1, the fair values of the interest rate swap and JLM’s bond
                            obligation (after cash settlements), excluding current period swap
                            accruals and interest accruals, were as follows:</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <table outputclass="ruled" id="UUID-03554952-1db2-27ad-7e98-dd6e50f94a24_aag-afi10_table1" class="- topic/table ">
         <tgroup cols="4" class="- topic/tgroup ">
            <colspec colname="c1" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <colspec colname="c2" align="right" class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <colspec colname="c3" align="right" class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <colspec colname="c4" align="right" class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <thead class="- topic/thead ">
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry "/>
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">February 1</i>
                     </p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">March 31</i>
                     </p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">June 30</i>
                     </p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody class="- topic/tbody ">
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Interest rate swap</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">$ —</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">$(20,000)</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">$(35,000)</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">JLM bond obligation</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">1,005,000</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">980,000</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">965,000</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Change in fair value of interest rate swap</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">$ —</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">(20,000)</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">(15,000)</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Change in fair value of JLM bond obligation</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">$ —</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">25,000</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">15,000</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
            </tbody>
         </tgroup>
      </table>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">LIBOR plus 2% equaled 8.25% and 8.50% at March 31 and June 30, 20X1,
                            respectively.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>