<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-1d2f7967-154b-2679-250a-511063823936" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Securities Owned and Securities Sold, Not Yet Purchased</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393211920960" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.79</b> According to FASB ASC 940-320-45-2,
                    proprietary securities transactions entered into by the broker-dealer for
                    trading or investment purposes are included in "securities owned" and
                    "securities sold, not yet purchased." As discussed in FASB ASC 940-320-25, all
                    regular-way firm trades should be recorded in the broker-dealer’s inventory on a
                    trade-date basis. The corresponding account to this entry would be a receivable
                    or payable to broker-dealer for unsettled regular-way trades. If the trade does
                    not settle on the settlement date, a fail-to-deliver or fail-to-receive will be
                    recorded.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393211925624" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.80</b> Although proprietary trading is
                    frequently thought of as purchasing securities for sale to others, trading
                    securities for the broker-dealer's own account sometimes leads to a liability
                    for the fair value of securities sold but not yet purchased (that is, sold
                    short). The broker-dealer is then obligated to purchase the securities at a
                    future date at the then-current market price.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393211931594" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.81</b> FASB ASC 940-320-30-2 and FASB ASC
                    940-320-35-1 state that security positions resulting from proprietary trading
                    are measured initially and subsequently at fair value. According to FASB ASC
                    940-320-35-2, any unrealized gains or losses resulting from subsequent
                    measurement of these to fair value are included in profit or loss. As noted in
                    FASB ASC 940-320-45-4, the changes in the fair value of fixed-income securities
                    owned that were purchased at a discount or premium is composed of accreted
                    interest income, changes in the fair value of the securities, or both.
                    Consideration should be given to reporting these components separately as
                    interest income and trading gains and losses, respectively.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393211938044" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.82</b> See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd">chapter 5</xref> of this guide for a discussion of fair value measurement
                    under FASB ASC 820, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Fair Value
                    Measurement</i>.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393211944810" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.83</b> To the extent that a broker-dealer
                    holds proprietary derivative positions, these should also be recorded on the
                    balance sheet, and may be combined with securities in “Financial Instruments
                    Owned” and “Financial Instruments Sold, Not Yet Purchased” or presented alone or
                    combined with a different line item, as determined by the broker-dealer based on
                    the materiality of the positions. FASB ASC 820 would apply to the measurement of
                    the positions on the balance sheet.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393211951306" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.84</b> Specific requirements regarding joint
                    accounts with other broker-dealers are included in the instructions to the FOCUS
                    report. For joint accounts carried by the broker-dealer, the applicable portion
                    of the securities or other positions should be included in the appropriate
                    securities owned or other classifications, and the other parties' interests in
                    the ledger balance are included in receivables or payables. If the joint account
                    is carried by another broker-dealer, the share of the broker-dealer being
                    reported on should be determined and disclosed with a contra-liability to, or
                    receivable from, the carrying broker-dealer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393211958458" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.85</b> FASB ASC 860-30-25 addresses the
                    accounting for collateral and requires, in some cases, that a debtor reclassify
                    an asset pledged as collateral to indicate it is encumbered. The standards for
                    accounting for noncash collateral in FASB ASC 860-30-25-5 state that if the
                    secured party has the right by contract or custom to sell or repledge the
                    collateral, then the transferor should reclassify that asset and report it in
                    the statement of financial position separately from other assets that are not
                    encumbered. Therefore, a broker-dealer may separately report Security Pledged to
                    Creditors as a line item on the statement of financial condition or within a
                    parenthetical disclosure to securities owned.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393211964910" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.86</b> Per FASB ASC 940-20-50,
                    broker-dealers acting as principals in underwriting and when-issued contracts
                    have contractual commitments. Disclosure should be made of such commitments (see
                    the “<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd6/aag-brd6_stattement_of_financial_condition/aag-brd6_commitments__contingencies__and_guarantees/aag-brd6_commitments__contingencies__and_guarantees.dita#UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-c3e9d6b0-9b32-eec3-ab71-1d47b71bb4c0">Commitments and Guarantees</xref>” section of this chapter). The
                    broker-dealer's share (assuming such share is not merely contingent) in
                    underwriting or joint accounts with other broker-dealers for issued securities
                    should be included with its trading accounts.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>