<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-62e9e76e-d1bc-ca1b-a3a5-203a9c0fbb26" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Present Value Techniques</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.21" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.21</b> Paragraphs 5–20
                    of FASB ASC 820-10-55 describe the use of present value techniques to measure
                    fair value. Those paragraphs neither prescribe the use of a single specific
                    present value technique nor limit the use of present value techniques to measure
                    fair value to the techniques discussed therein. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Present
                        value</i> (that is, an application of the income approach) is a tool
                    used to link future amounts to a present amount using a discount rate. A fair
                    value measurement of an asset or a liability using a present value technique
                    captures all of the following elements from the perspective of market
                    participants at the measurement date:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">An estimate of future cash flows for the asset or liability being
                            measured.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Expectations about possible variations in the amount and timing of the
                            cash flows representing the uncertainty inherent in the cash
                            flows.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The time value of money, represented by the rate on risk-free monetary
                            assets that have maturity dates or durations that coincide with the
                            period covered by the cash flows and pose neither uncertainty in timing
                            nor risk of default to the holder (that is, a risk-free interest rate).
                            For present value computations denominated in nominal U.S. dollars, the
                            yield curve for U.S. Treasury securities determines the appropriate
                            risk-free interest rate.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The price for bearing the uncertainty inherent in the cash flows (that
                            is, a risk premium).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Other factors that market participants would take into account in the
                            circumstances.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">For a liability, the nonperformance risk relating to that liability,
                            including the reporting entity’s (obligor’s) own credit risk.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.22" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.22</b> FASB ASC
                    820-10-55-6 provides the general principles that govern any present value
                    technique, as follows:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Cash flows and discount rates should reflect assumptions that market
                            participants would use when pricing the asset or liability.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Cash flows and discount rates should take into account only the
                            factors attributable to the asset or liability being measured.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">To avoid double counting or omitting the effects of risk factors,
                            discount rates should reflect assumptions that are consistent with those
                            inherent in the cash flows. For example, a discount rate that reflects
                            the uncertainty in expectations about future defaults is appropriate if
                            using the contractual cash flows of a loan but is not appropriate if
                            using a technique that already reflects assumptions about the
                            uncertainty in future defaults.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Assumptions about cash flows and discount rates should be internally
                            consistent. For example, nominal cash flows (that include the effects of
                            inflation) should be discounted at a rate that includes the effects of
                            inflation.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Discount rates should be consistent with the underlying economic
                            factors of the currency in which the cash flows are denominated.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.23" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.23</b> FASB ASC
                    820-10-55-9 describes how present value techniques differ in how they adjust for
                    risk and in the type of cash flows they use. For example, the discount rate
                    adjustment technique uses a risk-adjusted discount rate and contractual,
                    promised, or most likely cash flows. In contrast, method 1 of the expected
                    present value technique, described in FASB ASC 820-10-55-15, uses risk-adjusted
                    expected cash flows and a risk-free rate. Method 2 of the expected present value
                    technique described in FASB ASC 820-10-55-15, uses expected cash flows that are
                    not risk adjusted and a discount rate adjusted to include the risk premium that
                    market participants require. The traditional present value technique and two
                    methods of expected present value techniques are discussed more fully in FASB
                    ASC 820-10-55.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.24" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.24</b> This guide
                    includes guidance about measuring assets and liabilities using traditional
                    present value techniques. That guidance is not intended to suggest that the
                    income approach is the only one of the three approaches that is appropriate in
                    the circumstances, nor is it intended to suggest that the traditional present
                    value technique described in the guide is preferred over other present value
                    techniques.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>