<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-36b93069-418f-360e-617e-fd22a8bcb986_UUID-66f0fa82-5ba8-a6d8-5922-b3ff299ebabb" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">FASB ASU No. 2019-04, Codification Improvements to Topic 326,
                        Financial Instruments — Credit Losses, Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging,
                        and Topic 825, Financial Instruments</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">In April 2019, FASB issued ASU No. 2019-04 to clarify, correct, and
                        improve various aspects of the guidance in ASU Nos. 2016-01, 2016-13,
                            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Financial Instruments — Credit Losses (Topic
                            326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments</i>,
                        and 2017-12, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815):
                            Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging Activities</i>,
                        related to financial instruments. The discussion herein will only address
                        those amendments related to ASU No. 2016-01. Amendments related to ASU Nos.
                        2016-13 and ASU No. 2017-12 will be addressed in subsequent sections of this
                        appendix.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">ASU No. 2019-04 clarifies certain aspects of the amendments in ASU No.
                        2016-01 as follows:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Scope clarifications for FASB ASC 320-10
                                    and FASB ASC 321-10.</i> The amendments clarify the scope
                                of FASB ASC 320-10 and FASB ASC 321-10 by specifically naming health
                                and welfare plans accounted for in accordance with FASB ASC 965,
                                    <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Plan Accounting — Health and Welfare
                                    Benefit Plans,</i> in the paragraphs limiting the scope
                                of those subtopics.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Held-to-maturity debt securities fair
                                    value disclosures.</i> The amendments to the disclosure
                                requirements addressed in FASB ASC 320-10-50-5 and FASB ASC
                                942-320-50-3 and the additions of paragraphs 5A–5B of FASB ASC
                                320-10-50 and paragraph 3A of FASB ASC 942-320-50 clarify FASB’s
                                intent to exempt entities other than public business entities from
                                fair value disclosure requirements for financial instruments not
                                measured at fair value on the balance sheet.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Applicability of FASB ASC 820 to the
                                    measurement alternative.</i> The amendments specifically
                                require that an entity remeasure an equity security without readily
                                determinable fair value at fair value when an orderly transaction is
                                identified for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer
                                in accordance with FASB ASC 820. That is, the amendments clarify
                                that the measurement alternative is a nonrecurring fair value
                                measurement. Additionally, the amendments clarify that an entity
                                should adhere to the applicable disclosure requirements in FASB ASC
                                820 for a nonrecurring fair value measurement.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Remeasurement of equity securities at
                                    historical exchange rates.</i> The amendments clarify
                                that equity securities without readily determinable fair values
                                accounted for under the measurement alternative in accordance with
                                FASB ASC 321-10-35-2 are required to follow FASB ASC 830-10-45-18,
                                which requires remeasurement at historical exchange rates. In
                                addition, the amendments clarify that the rate used should be the
                                historical exchange rate as of the later of the acquisition date or
                                the most recent date on which the equity security was adjusted to
                                fair value in accordance with paragraphs 2–3 of FASB ASC 321-10-35,
                                if applicable. In addition, the amendments to FASB ASC 830-10-45-18
                                are not intended to change items that should be remeasured at
                                historical exchange rates.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>