<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_UUID-e7b0145f-7425-fe26-dd03-197442a4846e" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Presentation and Disclosure About Financial Instruments</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">Presentation and Disclosure About Financial Instruments
                    <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="8" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb-aag-afi1-fn8" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">FASB ASU No. 2018-13, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820), Disclosure
                                Framework — Changes to the Disclosure Requirements for Fair Value
                                Measurement</i>, was issued in August 2018. The amendments
                            resulting from this ASU are effective for all entities for fiscal years
                            beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within
                            those fiscal years; however, certain disclosures are not required for
                            nonpublic entities. Early adoption is permitted.</ph>
               </p>
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">    The amendments in this ASU add,
                            modify and remove disclosure requirements in FASB ASC 820, related to
                            recurring and nonrecurring fair value measurements.</ph>
               </p>
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">    Application of the guidance in this
                            ASU is prospective for certain amendments and retrospective for other
                            amendments. Prospective application is required for only the most recent
                            interim or annual period presented in the initial fiscal year of
                            adoption for the following: changes in unrealized gains and losses; the
                            range and weighted average of significant unobservable inputs used to
                            develop Level 3 fair value measurements; and, the narrative description
                            of measurement uncertainty. Retrospective application to all periods
                            presented upon their effective date is required for all other
                            amendments.</ph>
               </p>
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">    Readers are encouraged to consult
                            the full text of this ASU on FASB's website at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="http://www.fasb.org">www.fasb.org</xref>.</ph>
               </p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi1_presentation_and_disclosure_about.dita#UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_UUID-e7b0145f-7425-fe26-dd03-197442a4846e/UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb-aag-afi1-fn8"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.57" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.57</b> Most financial
                reporting frameworks require disclosures in the financial statements to enable users
                of the financial statements to make meaningful assessments of the effects of the
                entity’s financial instrument activities, including the risks and uncertainties
                associated with financial instruments.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.58" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.58</b> Most frameworks
                require the disclosure of quantitative and qualitative information (including
                accounting policies) relating to financial instruments. The accounting requirements
                for fair value measurements in financial statement presentations and disclosures are
                extensive in most financial reporting frameworks and encompass more than just
                valuation of the financial instruments. For example, qualitative disclosures about
                financial instruments provide important contextual information about the
                characteristics of the financial instruments and their future cash flows that may
                help inform investors about the risks to which entities are exposed.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>