<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-b538c464-f655-8901-193f-5feb85b0cdcd" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Floor Brokerage, Exchange Fee, and Clearance Expenses</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393230197214" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.119</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Floor
                        brokerage.</i> Broker-dealers often use other brokers to execute
                    trades on their behalf. The trading broker-dealer becomes a customer of the
                    executing broker-dealer and pays a floor brokerage fee. Such fees are paid
                    periodically either directly to the executing broker-dealer or through a
                    clearinghouse.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393230202010" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.120</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Exchange
                        fees.</i> Exchange fees are charged by securities exchanges and
                    clearing houses for the privilege of trading securities listed on that exchange.
                    Some fees vary with the related volume, whereas others are fixed. For
                    transaction charges, each broker-dealer submits a monthly report of net
                    commissions earned on transactions executed on the exchange. This report is used
                    for the self-determination of the exchange fee. Floor brokerage and exchange
                    fees generally vary proportionally with the volume of trades executed by the
                    broker-dealer on the exchange.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393230206864" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.121</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Clearance
                        expenses.</i> Introducing broker-dealers may employ a securities
                    clearing firm to clear and settle trades with other parties or with an external
                    clearing corporation. The clearing firm will charge clearance expenses to the
                    broker-dealer for performing these services.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>