<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_UUID-7ded5655-2680-8d40-9bef-a01b44fda63c" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Pricing Services</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.47" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.47</b> Pricing services provide entities with
                        prices and price-related data for a variety of financial instruments, often
                        performing daily valuations of large numbers of financial instruments. These
                        valuations may be made by collecting market data and prices from a wide
                        variety of sources, including market makers, and, in certain instances, by
                        using internal valuation techniques to derive estimated fair values. Pricing
                        services may combine a number of approaches to arrive at a price and are
                        often used as a source of prices based on level 2 inputs. Pricing services
                        may have strong controls around how prices are developed, and their
                        customers often include a wide variety of parties, including buy-and-sell
                        side investors, auditors, and others.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.48" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.48</b> Pricing services often have a
                        formalized process for customers to challenge the prices received from the
                        pricing services. These challenge processes usually require the customer to
                        provide evidence to support an alternative price, with challenges
                        categorized based on the quality of evidence provided. For example, a
                        challenge based on a recent sale of that instrument the pricing service was
                        not aware of may be upheld, whereas a challenge based on a customer’s own
                        valuation technique may be more heavily scrutinized. In this way, a pricing
                        service with a large number of leading participants, both buy and sell side,
                        may be able to constantly correct prices to more fully reflect the
                        information available to market participants.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>