<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_UUID-38790f98-7cc2-8d0e-8c76-c626206eb3d2" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Further Considerations Relating to Third-Party Pricing
                        Sources</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.52" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.52</b> Understanding how the pricing sources calculated a price
                        enables management to determine whether such information is suitable for use
                        in its valuation, including as an input to a valuation technique and in what
                        level of inputs the security should be categorized for disclosure purposes.
                        For example, third-party pricing sources may value financial instruments
                        using proprietary models, and it is important that management understands
                        the methodology, assumptions, and data used.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.53" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.53</b> If fair
                        value measurements obtained from third-party pricing sources are not based
                        on the current prices of an active market, it will be necessary for
                        management to evaluate whether the fair value measurements were derived in a
                        manner that is consistent with the applicable financial reporting framework.
                        Management’s understanding of the fair value measurement may include</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">how the fair value measurement was determined (for example,
                                whether the fair value measurement was determined by a valuation
                                technique in order to assess whether it is consistent with the fair
                                value measurement objective).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">whether the quotes are indicative prices, indicative spread, or
                                binding offers.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">how frequently the fair value measurement is estimated by the
                                third-party pricing sources in order to assess whether it reflects
                                market conditions at the measurement date.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Understanding the bases on which third-party pricing sources have
                        determined their quotes in the context of the particular financial
                        instruments held by the entity assists management in evaluating the
                        relevance and reliability of this evidence to support its valuations.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.54" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.54</b> Disparities
                        may exist between price indicators from different sources. Understanding how
                        the price indicators were derived and investigating these disparities
                        assists management in corroborating the evidence used in developing its
                        valuation of financial instruments in order to evaluate whether the
                        valuation is reasonable. Simply taking the average of the quotes provided
                        without doing further research may not be appropriate because one price in
                        the range may be the most representative of fair value, and this may not be
                        the average. To evaluate whether its valuations of financial instruments are
                        reasonable, management may</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">consider whether actual transactions represent forced transactions
                                rather than transactions between willing buyers and sellers. This
                                may invalidate the price as a comparison.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">analyze the expected future cash flows of the instrument. This
                                could be performed as an indicator of the most relevant pricing
                                data.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">depending on the nature of what is unobservable, extrapolate from
                                observed prices to unobserved ones (for example, there may be
                                observed prices for maturities up to 10 years but not longer, but
                                the 10-year price curve may be capable of being extrapolated beyond
                                10 years as an indicator). Care is needed to ensure that
                                extrapolation is not carried so far beyond the observable curve that
                                its link to observable prices becomes too tenuous to be
                                reliable.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">compare prices within a portfolio of financial instruments with
                                each other to make sure they are consistent among similar financial
                                instruments.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">use more than one model to corroborate the results from each one,
                                considering the data and assumptions used in each.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">evaluate movements in the prices for related hedging instruments
                                and collateral.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>