<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-d932f14f-1cb0-1089-b8e4-e7d22636f8c6" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Reporting Requirements</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.131" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.131</b> Each broker-dealer
                reports periodically to its designated examining authority in a prescribed format:
                the FOCUS Report. Under the rules, broker-dealers are required to file 17 business
                days after the end of each calendar quarter a Part II or IIA FOCUS Report (although
                many broker-dealers are required to file 17 business days after the end of each
                month). The FOCUS Report requires financial information that presents the financial
                position and results of operations in conformity with GAAP, as well as certain
                regulatory computations.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.132" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.132</b> The FOCUS Report
                (Form X-17A-5) comprises the following parts:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Part I</i>. A monthly report of selected
                        summarized financial and operational data filed by broker-dealers that carry
                        customer securities accounts or clear securities transactions. (Examining
                        authorities may require other broker-dealers to file Part I on a monthly
                        basis.) In lieu of filing a Part I, FINRA requires filing of the Part II or
                        IIA, described below.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Part II</i>. A report of general purpose
                        financial information that presents the financial position and results of
                        operations, supplemental schedules, and operational data and is filed each
                        calendar quarter, or in some cases, monthly, by broker-dealers; OTC
                        derivatives dealers; security-based swap dealers (SBSDs); major
                        security-based swap participants (MSBSPs); stand-alone SBSDs; stand-alone
                        MSBSPs; and FCMs that file Part I.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Part IIA</i>. A quarterly report of
                        financial information that presents the financial position and results of
                        operations, supplemental schedules, and operational data filed by
                        broker-dealers that do not carry customer securities accounts or clear
                        securities transactions.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Part IIC.</i> A quarterly report of
                        financial position and results of operations, supplemental schedules, and
                        operational data filed by bank SBSDs and bank MSBSPs.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Part III</i>. A facing page required as
                        part of annual FOCUS filings that contains overall information regarding the
                        filing.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Schedule I.</i> Annual supplemental
                        schedules reflecting certain economic and financial statistical data of
                        broker-dealers on a calendar-year basis.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Note that there are other forms that are applicable for firms that compute capital
                in accordance with appendix E of the Net Capital Rule.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.133" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.133</b> In certain cases,
                such as when a broker-dealer exceeds certain parameters of financial and operational
                conditions, the designated examining authority may require the broker-dealer to file
                Part II or IIA monthly or weekly. In addition, audited financial statements are
                required to be filed on a fiscal- or calendar-year basis as of a date selected by
                the broker-dealer. The annual audit for subsequent years should be as of the same
                date unless the firm’s designated examining authority issues prior approval for a
                change of the broker-dealer's fiscal year. Certain SBSDs reporting under SEC Rule
                18a-7 must receive approval from the commission before changing their fiscal
                year.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.134" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.134</b> SEC Rule 17a-5
                defines <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">fiscal year</i> as the broker-dealer's fiscal
                year for reporting purposes; the fiscal year is not necessarily the same as the tax
                year. For purposes of defining a time period such as fiscal or calendar quarter, the
                last Friday or last business day of such period is acceptable.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.135" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.135</b> If the
                broker-dealer selects a date for the annual audited financial statements that does
                not coincide with the end of a calendar quarter, an additional unaudited Part II or
                IIA of the FOCUS Report should be filed by the broker-dealer as of the date of the
                annual audit (an exemption from this additional filing may be obtained if the fiscal
                year approximates the calendar year).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.136" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.136</b> SEC Rule 13h-1
                requires a <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">large trader</i>, defined as a person
                whose transactions in national market system securities equal or exceed 2 million
                shares or $20 million during any calendar day or 20 million shares or $200 million
                during any calendar month, to identify itself to the SEC and make certain
                disclosures on Form 13H. In addition, the rule imposes additional requirements on
                registered broker-dealers related to recordkeeping, reporting, and monitoring with
                respect to large traders.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>