<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-896b7304-bd47-d2b1-de83-248f2d3be2d0" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Inputs to Valuation Techniques</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <note type="important" class="- topic/note ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Update 5-1 <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting and Reporting</i>: Equity
                        Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions</b>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">FASB Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2022-03, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Fair Value
                            Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities
                            Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions</i>, issued in June
                        2022, is effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning
                        after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within those fiscal years. For
                        other entities, this ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after
                        December 15, 2024, and interim periods within those fiscal years. Early
                        adoption is permitted for both interim and annual financial
                        statements.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">The amendments in this ASU generally should be applied prospectively with
                        any adjustments from the adoption recognized in earnings and disclosed on
                        the adoption date. However, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">investment companies</i>, as
                        defined under FASB ASC 946, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Financial Services — Investment
                            Companies</i>, should apply the amendments to only investments in
                        equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions executed or
                        modified on or after the adoption date.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">ASU No. 2022-03 clarifies that a contractual restriction on the sale of an
                        equity security (1) is not considered part of the unit of account of the
                        equity security and not considered when measuring fair value and (2) cannot
                        be recognized and measured as a separate unit of account. This ASU also
                        requires certain disclosures for equity securities subject to contractual
                        sale restrictions.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">This edition of the guide has not been updated to reflect changes as a
                        result of this ASU; however, the section that follows will be updated in a
                        future edition. Readers are encouraged to consult the full text of the ASU
                        on FASB’s website at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.fasb.org">www.fasb.org</xref>.</p>
      </note>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.15" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.15</b> FASB ASC
                    820-10-35-36 notes that valuation techniques used to measure fair value should
                    maximize the use of relevant observable inputs and minimize the use of
                    unobservable inputs. Markets in which inputs might be observable for some assets
                    and liabilities (for example, financial instruments) include, for example,
                    exchange markets, dealer markets, brokered markets, and principal-to-principal
                    markets.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.16" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.16</b> A reporting
                    entity should select inputs that are consistent with the characteristics of the
                    asset or liability that market participants would take into account in a
                    transaction for the asset or liability. In some cases, those characteristics
                    result in the application of an adjustment, such as a premium or discount (for
                    example, a control premium or noncontrolling interest discount). However, a fair
                    value measurement should not incorporate a premium or discount that is
                    inconsistent with the unit of account in the guidance that requires or permits
                    the fair value measurement. Premiums or discounts that reflect size as a
                    characteristic of the reporting entity’s holding (blockage factor) rather than
                    as a characteristic of the asset or liability (for example, a control premium
                    when measuring the fair value of a controlling interest) are not permitted in a
                    fair value measurement. In all cases, if there is a quoted price in an active
                    market (that is, a level 1 input) for an asset or a liability, a reporting
                    entity should use that quoted price without adjustment when measuring fair
                    value, except as specified in FASB ASC 820-10-35-41C.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>