<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-e1a07fe2-dfd8-f3c2-0af5-d6c4a5ae6a81" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Collateralized Financings</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.58" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.58</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Stock loan and stock borrow</i>. Stock loan and borrow
                    transactions generally result from the need for one broker-dealer to borrow
                    securities to make delivery to another broker-dealer or customer for a security
                    that the broker-dealer does not have in its possession. At large broker-dealers,
                    the stock loan department has responsibility for entering into and monitoring
                    such transactions, as well as processing the "recall" of the securities as
                    directed by the lender. Some of the control and monitoring activities typically
                    associated with stock loan and stock borrow activities include the
                    following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing counterparties for creditworthiness and obtaining master
                            trade agreements and credit approval for counterparties before entering
                            into a stock loan or stock borrow transaction.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Establishing approved transaction limits by counterparty.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Calculating those securities in excess of SEC Rule 15c3-3 possession
                            or control requirements as available to be loaned for any given day.
                            Recalling those securities in deficits within the time frames
                            required.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Obtaining physical possession or control of all collateral and
                            reconciling it to signed agreements.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Ensuring that stock borrows are made in accordance with the
                            requirements of Regulation T.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Subsequently measuring at fair value all collateral daily and, if a
                            deficit (within established guidelines) exists, obtaining additional
                            collateral from the counterparty.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reconciling the stock loan and stock borrow subsidiary ledgers to the
                            stock record (positions) and general ledger (contract amounts) daily.
                            Out of balances are recorded as suspense items and researched
                            immediately.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Confirming securities borrowed and loaned periodically, on a basis
                            that, at a minimum, complies with SEC Rule 17a-13 regarding the
                            quarterly verification of securities.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Confirming key contract terms (for example, underlying security,
                            quantity, price, and rebate rate) for each stock loan or stock borrow
                            transaction.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Listing transactions with unusually high or low rebate terms on an
                            exception report for review by management.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Monitoring relevant service organizations and relevant user-entity
                            controls.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.59" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.59</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Repos and reverse repos</i>. A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">repurchase agreement</i> (repo) is the sale of securities along with
                    an agreement to purchase the securities at a specified price at a later,
                    specified date. Repo agreements are typically entered into to finance positions
                    in government and government-agency securities. A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">reverse repurchase agreement</i> (reverse repo) is the purchase of
                    securities along with an agreement to sell the securities at a specified price
                    at a later, specified date. Repos and reverse repos, similar to stock loan and
                    stock borrow transactions, respectively, feature a provider of collateral and a
                    lender of cash. Control and monitoring activities typically associated with repo
                    and reverse repo agreements include the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing counterparties for creditworthiness and obtaining master
                            trade agreements and credit approval for counterparties before entering
                            into a repo or reverse repo transaction.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Establishing position and credit limits by counterparty.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing net presentation of offsetting transactions to ensure that
                            it complies with the requirements of FASB ASC 210-20-45.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Subsequently measuring at fair value all collateral daily, and if a
                            deficit (within established guidelines) exists, obtaining additional
                            collateral from the counterparty.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reconciling the repo and reverse repo subsidiary ledgers to the stock
                            record (positions) and general ledger (contract amounts) daily. Out of
                            balances are recorded as suspense items and researched
                            immediately.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Periodically confirming transactions on a basis that, at a minimum,
                            complies with SEC Rule 17a-13 regarding quarterly verification of
                            securities.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Listing transactions with unusually high or low interest terms, such
                            as fully paid lending programs, on an exception report for review by
                            management.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.60" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.60</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Bank loan financing</i>. A broker-dealer may finance
                    its proprietary or customer activity through collateralized bank loans. Such
                    loans are generally negotiated separately with each bank. Some of the control
                    and monitoring activities typically associated with bank loan financing include
                    the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Ensuring that customer, noncustomer, and firm bank loans are
                            separately maintained and that procedures are in place to prevent
                            commingling of collateral.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Maintaining separate accounts in the general ledger for each loan,
                            with separate positions being maintained on the stock record for the
                            securities collateralizing each loan.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Ensuring that securities used to collateralize bank loans for
                            customers are not fully paid or excess-margin securities because such
                            securities are required to be segregated pursuant to SEC Rule 15c3-3
                            possession or control requirements.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Periodically confirming bank loan collateral on a basis that, at a
                            minimum, complies with SEC Rule 17a-13 regarding the quarterly
                            verification of securities.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Ensuring compliance with covenants contained in bank credit
                            agreements.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>