<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Chapter 3 — Regulatory Considerations</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">Regulatory Considerations <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="1" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-aag-brd3-fn1" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Guidance in this chapter should not replace a full understanding of the rules
                    and interpretations issued by all applicable regulatory agencies. Also see <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../aag-brd/aag-brd1/aag-brd1_business_activities/aag-brd1_other_activities/aag-brd_digital_assets/aag-brd_digital_assets.dita#UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_section-idm4562300012777633928911862119/UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_para-idm53392893422670">paragraph 1.149</xref> of this guide, which discusses the evolving
                    regulatory landscape for digital assets.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd3.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-aag-brd3-fn1"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.01" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.01</b> Pursuant to the
            Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the 1934 Act), the SEC developed a comprehensive system
            to regulate broker-dealers and the securities industry in general.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.02" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.02</b> The audit and reporting
            requirements for securities broker-dealers are regulated by SEC Rule 17a-5 under the
            1934 Act. Such requirements for broker-dealers that are also commodities brokers, known
            as CFTC-registered futures commission merchants (FCMs) or CFTC-registered introducing
            brokers (IBs) are regulated by Regulations 1.10 and 1.16 of the Commodity Exchange Act,
            whereas the requirements for registered broker-dealers in U.S. government securities are
            regulated by Section 405.2 of the regulations pursuant to Section 15C of the 1934 Act.
            Those rules are listed in the “<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../aag-brd/aag-brd3/aag-brd3_rules_applicable_to_broker_dealers/aag-brd3_commodities_brokers/aag-brd3_commodities_brokers.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-8b6d33b5-9558-0d0f-66dc-611c2dae099e">Commodities Brokers</xref>” section of this chapter.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.03" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.03</b> The Dodd-Frank Wall
            Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act), signed into law on July 21,
            2010, called for a number of regulatory changes related to the securities
            industry.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.04" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.04</b> One of the provisions of
            this act amended the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (SOX) to give the PCAOB full oversight
            authority over audits of broker-dealers registered with the SEC, including nonissuer
            broker-dealers. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="2" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393024798508" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">As discussed in the <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../aag-brd/aag-brd_preface/aag-brd_preface.dita#UUID-3022d2d5-d163-3012-b64d-aafce1684168">preface</xref> to this guide, AICPA issued Technical Question &amp; Answer
                    section 7100.16, which is specific to brokers, dealers, and futures commission
                    merchants. It states that both issuer and nonissuer broker-dealers registered
                    with the SEC are considered public business entities (PBEs). Therefore, both
                    issuer and nonissuer broker-dealers registered with the SEC would follow
                    effective dates for PBEs when implementing new pronouncements.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd3.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393024798508"/>
         </ph> The Dodd-Frank Act included a provision that audits of broker-dealers
            registered with the SEC, including nonissuer broker-dealers, be performed in accordance
            with PCAOB auditing standards. The SEC finalized amendments to SEC Rule 17a-5, through
            Release No. 34-70073, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Broker-Dealer Reports</i>, on July
            30, 2013, which require PCAOB auditing and attestation standards be applied to the
            annual reporting for broker-dealers registered with the SEC effective for fiscal
            year-ends on or after June 1, 2014. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="3" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393025267232" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">For further information, see Frequently Asked Questions Concerning the
                    Amendments to Certain Broker-Dealer Financial Responsibility Rules, and
                    Frequently Asked Questions Concerning the July 30, 2013 Amendments to the
                    Broker-Dealer Financial Reporting Rule. Both are available on the SEC staff’s
                    “List of Frequently Asked Questions” at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.sec.gov/divisions/marketreg/mrfaq">https://www.sec.gov/divisions/marketreg/mrfaq</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd3.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393025267232"/>
         </ph> Before undertaking the audit of a broker-dealer in securities, the auditor
            obtains an understanding of regulatory factors. This generally includes reading the
            applicable standards and rules to have an understanding of the prescribed scope of the
            audit and the related reporting requirements.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>