<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-36b93069-418f-360e-617e-fd22a8bcb986_UUID-ae8af82b-d36d-8eaf-5628-309251ef64c0" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Overview</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">On January 5, 2016, FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2016-01,
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Financial Instruments — Overall (Subtopic 825-10):
                        Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial
                        Liabilities</i>, to enhance the reporting model for financial
                    instruments and to provide users of financial statements with more
                    decision-useful information. Amendments in the ASU are intended to improve
                    certain aspects of recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of
                    financial instruments.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">The new guidance will accomplish the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Require equity investments (except those accounted for under the
                            equity method of accounting or those that result in consolidation of the
                            investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value
                            recognized in net income.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Replace the impairment model for equity investments without readily
                            determinable fair values with a qualitative impairment
                            assessment.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Eliminate the requirement to disclose the fair values of financial
                            assets and financial liabilities measured at amortized cost for
                            nonpublic business entities.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Eliminate the requirement for public business entities to disclose the
                            methods and significant assumptions used to estimate fair value
                            currently required to be disclosed for financial assets and financial
                            liabilities measured at amortized cost on the balance sheet.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Require public business entities to use the exit price notion when
                            measuring the fair value of financial instruments for disclosure
                            purposes.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Require an entity to present separately in other comprehensive income
                            (OCI) the portion of the total change in the fair value of a liability
                            resulting from a change in instrument-specific credit risk when the
                            entity has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance
                            with the fair value option for financial instruments.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Require separate presentation of financial assets and financial
                            liabilities by measurement category and form of financial asset (that
                            is, securities or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet or in
                            accompanying notes to the financial statements.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Clarify that an entity should evaluate the need for a valuation
                            allowance on a deferred tax asset related to available-for-sale debt
                            securities in combination with an entity’s other deferred tax
                            assets.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Eliminate an entity’s ability to estimate the disclosed fair values of
                            financial assets and financial liabilities on the basis of entry
                            prices.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>