<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_UUID-93ac9a02-dedb-c26d-3cbb-e44f858c90fe" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">The Entity’s Risk Assessment Process</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.17" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.17</b> An entity’s risk
                    assessment process exists to establish how management identifies business risks
                    that derive from its use of financial instruments, including how management
                    estimates the significance of the risks, assesses the likelihood of their
                    occurrence, and decides upon actions to manage them.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.18" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.18</b> The entity’s
                    risk assessment process forms the basis for how management determines the risks
                    to be managed. Risk assessment processes exist with the objective of ensuring
                    that management</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">understands the risks inherent in a financial instrument before they
                            enter into it, including the objective of entering into the transaction
                            and its structure (for example, the economics and business purpose of
                            the entity’s financial instrument activities).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">performs adequate due diligence commensurate with the risks associated
                            with particular financial instruments.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">monitors its outstanding positions to understand how market conditions
                            are affecting its exposures.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">has procedures in place to reduce or change risk exposure if necessary
                            and for managing business risk, which includes the risk of damaging its
                            reputation.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">subjects these processes to rigorous supervision and review.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.19" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.19</b> The structure
                    implemented to monitor and manage exposure to risks should</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">be appropriate and consistent with the entity’s attitude toward risk
                            as determined by those charged with governance.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">specify the approval levels for the authorization of different types
                            of financial instruments and transactions that may be entered into and
                            for what purposes. The permitted instruments and approval levels should
                            reflect the expertise of those involved in financial instrument
                            activities, demonstrating management’s commitment to competence.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">set appropriate limits for the maximum allowable exposure to each type
                            of risk (including approved counterparties). Levels of allowable
                            exposure may vary depending on the type of risk or counterparty.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">provide for the objective and timely monitoring of the financial risks
                            and control activities.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">provide for the objective and timely reporting of exposures, risks,
                            and the results of financial instrument activities in managing
                            risk.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">evaluate management’s track record for assessing the risks of
                            particular financial instruments.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.20" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.20</b> The types and
                    levels of risks that an entity faces are directly related to the types of
                    financial instruments with which it deals, including the complexity of these
                    instruments and the volume of financial instruments transacted.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>