<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-e8ddce7f-acb8-ae38-d5ef-5830f94231d9" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Valuation Techniques</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.12" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.12</b> A reporting
                    entity should use valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances
                    and for which sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximizing
                    the use of relevant observable inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable
                    inputs. As noted in paragraph 24A of FASB ASC 820-10-35, the objective of using
                    a valuation technique is to estimate the price at which an orderly transaction
                    to sell the asset or to transfer the liability would take place between market
                    participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. Three
                    widely used valuation approaches are the market approach, cost approach, and
                    income approach. The main aspects of valuation techniques consistent with those
                    approaches are summarized in paragraphs 3A–3G of FASB ASC 820-10-55. An entity
                    should use valuation techniques consistent with one or more of these approaches
                    to measure fair value:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The market approach uses prices and other relevant information
                            generated by market transactions involving identical or comparable
                            assets, liabilities, or a group of assets and liabilities, such as a
                            business. Valuation techniques consistent with the market approach
                            include matrix pricing and those that use market multiples derived from
                            a set of comparables.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The cost approach reflects the amount that would be required currently
                            to replace the service capacity of an asset (often referred to as
                            current replacement cost). From the perspective of a market participant
                            seller, the price that would be received for the asset is based on the
                            cost to a market participant buyer to acquire or construct a substitute
                            asset of comparable utility, adjusted for obsolescence.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The income approach converts future amounts (for example, cash flows
                            or income and expenses) to a single current (that is, discounted)
                            amount. When the income approach is used, the fair value measurement
                            reflects current market expectations about those future amounts.
                            Valuation techniques consistent with the income approach include present
                            value techniques, option-pricing models, and the multiperiod excess
                            earnings method. Paragraphs 4–20 of FASB ASC 820-10-55 provide guidance
                            for using present value techniques.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.13" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.13</b> FASB ASC
                    820-10-35-24B notes that, in some cases, a single valuation technique will be
                    appropriate (for example, when valuing an asset or a liability using quoted
                    prices in an active market for identical assets or liabilities). In other cases,
                    multiple valuation techniques will be appropriate (for example, that might be
                    the case when valuing a reporting unit). If multiple valuation techniques are
                    used to measure fair value, the results (that is, respective indications of fair
                    value) should be evaluated, considering the reasonableness of the range of
                    values indicated by those results. Paragraphs 35–38A of FASB ASC 820-10-55
                    provide two examples that illustrate the use of multiple valuation techniques. A
                    fair value measurement is the point within that range that is most
                    representative of fair value in the circumstances.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.14" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.14</b> FASB ASC
                    820-10-35-25 explains that valuation techniques used to measure fair value
                    should be applied consistently. However, a change in a valuation technique or
                    its application is appropriate if the change results in a measurement that is
                    equally or more representative of fair value in the circumstances. FASB ASC
                    820-10-35-26 states that revisions resulting from such a change in valuation
                    technique or its application should be accounted for as a change in accounting
                    estimate in accordance with the provisions of FASB ASC 250, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting Changes and Error Corrections</i>.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>