<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_UUID-f0ad74e3-5e1e-301c-1824-8a50c6c98c5a" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Evaluating the Sufficiency and Appropriateness of Audit
                Evidence</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_aag-afi6.01" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.01</b> Paragraph .18 of
                AU-C section 540B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Auditing Accounting Estimates, Including
                    Fair Value Accounting Estimates, and Related Disclosures</i>, requires
                the auditor to evaluate, based on the audit evidence, whether the accounting
                estimates in the financial statements are either reasonable in the context of the
                applicable financial reporting framework or misstated. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="2" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c-aag-afi6-fn2" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Each AU-C section in this guide designated with a “B” suffix (for example,
                        “AU-C section 200B”) denotes content that does not reflect the codification
                        of Statement on Auditing Standards (SAS) Nos. 134–140 or the amendments to
                        other SASs made by SAS Nos. 134–140 and subsequently issued SASs.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi6_evaluating_the_sufficiency_and.dita#UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_UUID-f0ad74e3-5e1e-301c-1824-8a50c6c98c5a/UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c-aag-afi6-fn2"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_aag-afi6.02" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.02</b> Based on the audit
                evidence obtained, the auditor may conclude that the evidence points to an
                accounting estimate that differs from management’s point estimate. When the audit
                evidence supports a point estimate, the difference between the auditor’s point
                estimate and management’s point estimate constitutes a misstatement. When the
                auditor has concluded that using the auditor’s range provides sufficient appropriate
                audit evidence, a management point estimate that lies outside the auditor’s range
                would not be supported by audit evidence. In such cases, the misstatement is no less
                than the difference between management’s point estimate and the nearest point of the
                auditor’s range. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="3" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c-aag-afi6-fn3" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph .A122 of AU-C section 540B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Auditing
                            Accounting Estimates, Including Fair Value Accounting Estimates, and
                            Related Disclosures</i>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi6_evaluating_the_sufficiency_and.dita#UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_UUID-f0ad74e3-5e1e-301c-1824-8a50c6c98c5a/UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c-aag-afi6-fn3"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_aag-afi6.03" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.03</b> Further, paragraph
                .28 of AU-C section 330B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Performing Audit Procedures in
                    Response to Assessed Risks and Evaluating the Audit Evidence
                Obtained</i>, requires the auditor to conclude whether sufficient appropriate
                audit evidence has been obtained. In forming a conclusion, the auditor is required
                to consider all relevant audit evidence, regardless of whether it appears to
                corroborate or contradict the assertions in the financial statements.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_aag-afi6.04" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.04</b> The auditor’s
                professional judgment about what constitutes sufficient appropriate audit evidence
                is influenced by such factors as the <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="4" id="UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c-aag-afi6-fn4" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Paragraph .A75 of AU-C section 330B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Performing
                            Audit Procedures in Response to Assessed Risks and Evaluating the Audit
                            Evidence Obtained</i>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi6_evaluating_the_sufficiency_and.dita#UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c_UUID-f0ad74e3-5e1e-301c-1824-8a50c6c98c5a/UUID-74bfa951-889d-2381-c12d-652714e3320c-aag-afi6-fn4"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">significance of the potential misstatement in the relevant assertion and
                        the likelihood of it having a material effect, individually or aggregated
                        with other potential misstatements, on the financial statements. (See AU-C
                        section 450B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Evaluation of Misstatements Identified
                            During the Audit</i>.)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">effectiveness of management’s responses and controls to address the
                        risks.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">experience gained during previous audits with respect to similar potential
                        misstatements.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">results of audit procedures performed, including whether such audit
                        procedures identified specific instances of fraud or error.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">source and reliability of the available information.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">persuasiveness of the audit evidence.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">understanding of the entity and its environment, including its internal
                        control.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>