<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_UUID-c8578143-c844-bf90-5734-be69d97648f5" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Risk Management Function</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.21" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.21</b> Some
                        entities (for example, large financial institutions with a high volume of
                        financial instrument transactions) may be required by law or regulation or
                        may choose to establish a formal risk management function. This function is
                        separated from those responsible for undertaking and managing financial
                        instrument transactions. The function is responsible for reporting on and
                        monitoring financial instrument activities and may include a formal risk
                        committee established by those charged with governance. Examples of key
                        responsibilities in this area may include</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">implementing the risk management policy set by those charged with
                                governance (including analyses of the risks to which an entity may
                                be exposed).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">designing risk limit structures and ensuring these risk limits are
                                implemented in practice.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">developing stress scenarios and subjecting open position
                                portfolios to sensitivity analysis, including reviews of unusual
                                movements in positions.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">reviewing and analyzing new financial instrument products.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.22" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.22</b> Financial
                        instruments may have the associated risk that a loss might exceed the
                        amount, if any, of the value of the financial instrument recognized on the
                        balance sheet. For example, a sudden fall in the market price of a commodity
                        may force an entity to realize losses to close a forward position in that
                        commodity due to collateral, or margin, requirements. In some cases, the
                        potential losses may be enough to cast substantial doubt on the entity’s
                        ability to continue as a going concern. The entity may perform sensitivity
                        analyses or value-at-risk analyses to assess the future hypothetical effects
                        on financial instruments subject to market risks. However, value-at-risk
                        analysis does not fully reflect the extent of the risks that may affect the
                        entity; sensitivity and scenario analyses also may be subject to
                        limitations.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.23" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.23</b> The volume
                        and sophistication of financial instrument activity and relevant regulatory
                        requirements will influence the entity’s consideration whether to establish
                        a formal risk management function and how the function may be structured. In
                        entities that have not established a separate risk management function (for
                        example, entities with relatively few financial instruments or financial
                        instruments that are less complex), reporting on and monitoring financial
                        instrument activities may be a component of the accounting or finance
                        function’s responsibility or management’s overall responsibility and may
                        include a formal risk committee established by those charged with
                        governance.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>