<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-05680969-7a15-95ed-ba4f-c8c28beef3ec" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Information and Communication Control Activities</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.26" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.26</b> Application
                    controls apply to the processing of individual applications. Accordingly,
                    application controls relate to the use of IT to initiate, authorize, record,
                    process, and report transactions or other financial data from a variety of
                    sources, such as proprietary IT systems, third-party licensed vendor software,
                    and service organization systems and reports. Application controls help ensure
                    that transactions occurred, are authorized, and are completely and accurately
                    recorded and processed.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.27" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.27</b> Application
                    controls may be performed by IT or individuals. When application controls are
                    performed by people interacting with IT, they may be referred to as user
                    controls. The effectiveness of user controls, such as reviews of
                    computer-produced exception reports or other information produced by IT, may
                    depend on the accuracy and completeness of the information produced.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.28" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.28</b> General controls
                    are policies and procedures that relate to many applications and support the
                    effective functioning of application controls by helping ensure the continued
                    proper operation of information systems. General controls commonly include
                    controls over data center and network operations; system software acquisition
                    and maintenance; access security; and application system acquisition,
                    development, and maintenance. For service organization applications and reports,
                    general controls include complementary user entity controls described in the
                    relevant SOC 1 reports.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.29" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.29</b> The use of IT
                    affects the way that control activities are implemented. For example, when IT is
                    used in an information system, segregation of duties often is achieved by
                    implementing security controls.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>