<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_UUID-82eee068-5667-66ab-875f-d61361372a8d" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Other Controls Over Completeness, Accuracy, and Existence</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.21" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.21</b> The complexity inherent in some financial
                instruments means it will not always be obvious how they should be recorded in the
                entity’s systems. In such cases, management may set up control processes to monitor
                policies that prescribe how particular types of transactions are measured, recorded,
                and accounted for. These policies are typically established and reviewed in advance
                by suitably qualified personnel who are capable of understanding the full effects of
                the financial instruments being booked.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.22" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.22</b> Some transactions may be cancelled or amended
                after initial execution. Application of appropriate controls relating to
                cancellation or amendment can mitigate the risks of material misstatement due to
                fraud or error. In addition, an entity may have a process in place to reconfirm
                trades that are cancelled or amended.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.23" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.23</b> In financial institutions with a high volume
                of trading, a senior employee typically reviews daily profits and losses on
                individual traders’ books to evaluate whether they are reasonable based on the
                employee’s knowledge of the market. Doing so may enable management to determine that
                particular trades were not completely or accurately recorded or may identify fraud
                by a particular trader. It is important that transaction authorization procedures
                exist that support the more senior review.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>