<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-184ea653-c5eb-0340-7aef-5508a2b93493" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">The Fair Value Hierarchy</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.25" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.25</b> As noted in FASB
                    ASC 820-10-35-37, the fair value hierarchy categorizes into three levels the
                    inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. The fair value
                    hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active
                    markets for identical assets or liabilities and the lowest priority to
                    unobservable inputs. The three levels are as follows:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Level 1 inputs (paragraphs 40–46 of FASB ASC 820-10-35). <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Level 1 inputs</i> are quoted prices
                            (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that
                            the reporting entity can access at the measurement date. An <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">active market</i>, as defined in the FASB ASC
                            Master Glossary, is a market in which transactions for the asset or
                            liability take place with sufficient frequency and volume to provide
                            pricing information on an ongoing basis. FASB ASC 820-10-35-41 notes
                            that a quoted price in an active market provides the most reliable
                            evidence of fair value and should be used without adjustment to measure
                            fair value whenever available, except as specified in FASB ASC
                            820-10-35-41C. If the reporting entity holds a position in a single
                            asset or liability (including a position comprising a large number of
                            identical assets or liabilities) and the asset or liability is traded in
                            an active market, the fair value of the asset or liability should be
                            measured within level 1 as the product of the quoted price for the
                            individual asset or liability and the quantity held by the reporting
                            entity. This is the case even if a market’s normal daily trading volume
                            is not sufficient to absorb the quantity held and placing orders to sell
                            the position in a single transaction might affect the quoted
                            price.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Level 2 inputs (paragraphs 47–51 of FASB ASC 820-10-35). <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Level 2 inputs</i> are inputs other than quoted
                            prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or
                            liability, either directly or indirectly. If the asset or liability has
                            a specified (contractual) term, a level 2 input must be observable for
                            substantially the full term of the asset or liability. FASB ASC
                            820-10-35-48 provides examples of inputs considered to be level 2
                            inputs. Adjustments to level 2 inputs will vary depending on factors
                            (noted in FASB ASC 820-10-35-50) specific to the asset or liability. An
                            adjustment to a level 2 input that is significant to the entire
                            measurement might result in a fair value measurement categorized within
                            level 3 of the fair value hierarchy if the adjustment uses significant
                            unobservable inputs. See FASB ASC 820-10-55-21 for examples of level 2
                            inputs.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Level 3 inputs (paragraphs 52–54A of FASB ASC 820-10-35). <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Level 3 inputs</i> are unobservable inputs for
                            the asset or liability. Unobservable inputs should be used to measure
                            fair value to the extent that relevant observable inputs are not
                            available, thereby allowing for situations in which there is little, if
                            any, market activity for the asset or liability at the measurement date.
                            However, the fair value measurement objective remains the same (that is,
                            an exit price from the perspective of a market participant that holds
                            the asset or owes the liability). Therefore, unobservable inputs should
                            reflect the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing
                            the asset or liability, including assumptions about risk. Assumptions
                            about risk include the risk inherent in a particular valuation technique
                            used to measure fair value (such as a pricing model) and the risk
                            inherent in inputs to the valuation technique. A measurement that does
                            not include an adjustment for risk would not represent a fair value
                            measurement if market participants would include one when pricing the
                            asset or liability. Unobservable inputs should be developed using the
                            best information available in the circumstances, which might include the
                            entity’s own data. In developing unobservable inputs, a reporting entity
                            may begin with its own data, but it should adjust those data if
                            reasonably available information indicates that other market
                            participants would use different data, or there is something particular
                            to the reporting entity that is not available to other market
                            participants. A reporting entity need not undertake exhaustive efforts
                            to obtain information about market participant assumptions; however,
                            information about market participant assumptions that is reasonably
                            available should be taken into account. See FASB ASC 820-10-55-22 for
                            examples of level 3 inputs.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.26" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.26</b> As explained in
                    FASB ASC 820-10-35-37A, in some cases, the inputs used to measure the fair value
                    of an asset or a liability might be categorized within different levels of the
                    fair value hierarchy. In those cases, the fair value measurement is categorized
                    in its entirety in the same level of the fair value hierarchy as the lowest
                    level input that is significant to the entire measurement. Adjustments to arrive
                    at measurements based on fair value, such as costs to sell when measuring fair
                    value less costs to sell, should not be taken into account when determining the
                    level of the fair value hierarchy within which a fair value measurement is
                    categorized.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.27" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.27</b> As discussed in
                    FASB ASC 820-10-35-38, the availability of relevant inputs and their relative
                    subjectivity might affect the selection of appropriate valuation techniques.
                    However, the fair value hierarchy prioritizes the inputs to valuation
                    techniques, not the valuation techniques used to measure fair value. For
                    example, a fair value measurement developed using a present value technique
                    might be categorized within level 2 or level 3, depending on the inputs that are
                    significant to the entire measurement and the level of the fair value hierarchy
                    within which those inputs are categorized.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-brd5.28" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.28</b> A fair value
                    measurement is for a particular asset or liability; therefore, when measuring
                    fair value, a reporting entity should take into account the characteristics of
                    the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics
                    into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Such
                    characteristics include the condition and location of the asset or restriction,
                    if any, on the sale or use of the asset. As stated in FASB ASC 820-10-35-2C, the
                    effect on the measurement arising from a particular characteristic will differ
                    depending on how that characteristic would be taken into account by market
                    participants. Example 6 in paragraphs 51–55 of FASB ASC 820-10-55 explains that
                    when the restriction is a characteristic of the asset and, therefore, would
                    transfer to a market participant, the fair value of the asset would be adjusted
                    to reflect the effect of the restriction.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>