<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-13df687f-6924-219a-2745-05e82df46129" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Stock Loan and Stock Borrow</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.149" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.149</b> Securities not
                    available to be delivered on the settlement date may be borrowed. A stock borrow
                    occurs when a broker-dealer needs a security to deliver against a settling
                    transaction, such as a short sale. A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">short
                        sale</i> is the sale of a security not owned by the firm or a
                    customer. Short sales are often made in anticipation of a market decline or as
                    part of a trading or hedging strategy. As previously discussed, hedge accounting
                    is permitted only if the requirements of FASB ASC 815 are met.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.150" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.150</b> A
                    broker-dealer also may be involved in a finder's business, whereby securities
                    are borrowed to relend to another broker-dealer, thus allowing the broker-dealer
                    to earn a spread on the transaction. Broker-dealers may also engage in equity
                    securities borrowed transactions solely for financing the positions of another
                    broker-dealer in which the equity securities are initially borrowed without a
                    permitted purpose pursuant to Regulation T Section 220.10(a) and placed in a box
                    location. These transactions, which are referred to as nonpurpose borrows, have
                    regulatory implications that need to be considered in the computation of net
                    capital. Rule 203 of SEC Regulation SHO contains requirements and guidance for
                    broker-dealers related to the long and short sales of equity securities.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.151" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.151</b> In general,
                    broker-dealers borrow securities to deliver them to another broker-dealer or
                    customer, often leveraging utilities like Loanet (see the <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd_glossary/aag-brd_glossary.dita#UUID-0041c01e-5bb9-2ff6-384e-c62c6f9a997b">glossary</xref> of this guide) to do so. If the cashier’s department needs
                    to borrow securities, it instructs the stock loan department to borrow them. The
                    borrowing broker-dealer is required to deposit cash or other collateral that may
                    be in the form of securities issued or guaranteed by the United States or its
                    agencies, certain certificates of deposit or bankers' acceptances, or
                    irrevocable letters of credit. When the borrowing broker-dealer deposits cash,
                    it receives an interest-like rebate on the amount that was exchanged for the
                    securities. This rebate is negotiated, with the rate usually established by the
                    lender and agreed to by the borrower. If a security is difficult to obtain (that
                    is, hard to borrow), a lower or negative rebate would be acceptable. The
                    borrowing broker-dealer records the transaction as a long on the stock record
                    and as an asset in the general ledger (receivable from the lending broker). The
                    lending broker records a short position on the stock record and a liability in
                    the general ledger. FASB ASC 860, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Transfers and
                        Servicing</i>, provides specific criteria for determining whether a
                    securities lending transaction is to be accounted for as a sale or secured
                    borrowing and provides an illustration of the latter. Among other matters, FASB
                    ASC 860 provides guidance for recognition and reclassification of collateral and
                    for disclosures relating to securitization transactions and collateral. (See
                        <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd">chapter 5</xref> of this guide for a discussion of secured
                    borrowing.)</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.152" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.152</b> For each
                    security borrow or loan position, information may be prepared and retained in
                    the cashier’s department to be used as the basis for an out-of-loaned or
                    out-of-borrowed entry and also in the comparison of cashier’s department records
                    with the stock record and general ledger for control purposes. The cashier’s
                    department records contain details of securities borrowed and loaned
                    transactions, such as the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Date</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Description of the security</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Quantity</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Total amount of the deposit made (securities borrowed) or received
                            (securities loaned)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Party from whom the securities have been borrowed or to whom they have
                            been loaned</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.153" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.153</b> As with
                    fail-to-receive and fail-to-deliver items, those records provide the supporting
                    details for the stock record borrow and loan security positions, as well as for
                    the general ledger money control of amounts due to and due from others. It is
                    general practice for broker-dealers to adjust the contract value of the
                    securities borrowed and loaned to market value (mark-to-market) on a daily
                    basis.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>