<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-2e54ea11-f62e-bc81-9a84-29e4be6a362f" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Swap Dealers</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.20" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.20</b> Swap dealers act
                    as a counterparty in a swap agreement. Swap dealers are the market makers in the
                    swap market. Swaps are derivative contracts through which two parties exchange
                    financial instruments typically involving cash based on notional amounts. Each
                    cash flow comprises one leg of the swap. One cash flow is typically fixed while
                    the other is variable. There are various types of swaps including interest rate
                    swaps and credit default swaps. Historically, swaps have been traded in the OTC
                    market between financial institutions in largely unregulated
                    transactions.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.21" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.21</b> The SEC and
                    Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) jointly adopted final rules under
                    the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank Act)
                    defining, among other things, the terms <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">swap
                        dealer</i> and <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">security-based swap
                        dealer</i>. The term <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">swap dealer</i>
                    is defined in CFTC Regulation 1.3(ggg) under the Commodity Exchange Act and the
                    SEC defines the term <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">security-based swap
                        dealer</i> in SEC Rule 3a71-1 under the 1934 Act. The designation as
                    a swap dealer or a security-based swap dealer within the meaning of the
                    Dodd-Frank Act depends on the types of swap or security-based swap activities in
                    which an institution engages. An institution is considered a swap dealer or a
                    security-based swap dealer, as applicable, if it engages in one or more of the
                    following activities: <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="4" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-aag-brd1-fn4" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The SEC Division of Trading and Markets’ staff FAQ page, “Key Dates
                            for Registration of Security-Based Swap Dealers and Major Security-Based
                            Swap Participants,” provides information about swap rule amendments. The
                            FAQ is available at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.sec.gov/page/key-dates-registration-security-based-swap-dealers-and-major-security-based-swap-participants">www.sec.gov/page/key-dates-registration-security-based-swap-dealers-and-major-security-based-swap-participants</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd1_swap_dealers.dita#UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-2e54ea11-f62e-bc81-9a84-29e4be6a362f/UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-aag-brd1-fn4"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Holding itself out as a swap dealer or security-based swap
                            dealer</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Making markets in swaps or security-based swaps</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Regularly entering into swaps or security-based swaps with
                            counterparties in the ordinary course of business for its own
                            account</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Engaging in activities that cause oneself to be commonly known in the
                            trade as a dealer or market maker in swaps or security-based
                            swaps</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>