<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6_UUID-2b6edddb-334a-4b1a-9237-0e6ab8ff91a6" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Accounting Considerations</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">Accounting Considerations <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="2" id="UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6-aag-afi7-fn2" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">For simplicity, this case study ignores income tax consequences.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi7_accounting_considerations.dita#UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6_UUID-2b6edddb-334a-4b1a-9237-0e6ab8ff91a6/UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6-aag-afi7-fn2"/>
         </ph>
         <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="3" id="UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6-aag-afi7-fn3" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">In April 2019, FASB issued ASU No.
                            2019-04, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Codification Improvements to Topic 326,
                                Financial Instruments — Credit Losses, Topic 815, Derivatives and
                                Hedging</i>, and <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Topic 825, Financial
                                Instruments</i> to clarify and improve areas of guidance
                            related to recently-issued ASU Nos. 2016-13, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Financial Instruments — Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of
                                Credit Losses on Financial Instruments</i>, 2017-12,
                                <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815):
                                Targeted Improvements to Accounting for Hedging
                                Activities</i>, and 2016-01, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Financial Instruments — Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and
                                Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial
                            Liabilities</i>. The ASU identifies the following five topic
                            categories:</ph>
               </p>
               <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">Topic 1: Codification
                                    Improvements Resulting from the June 11, 2018 and November 1,
                                    2018 Credit Losses Transition Resource Group (TRG)
                                    Meetings</ph>
                     </p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">Topic 2: Codification
                                    Improvements to Update 2016-13</ph>
                     </p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">Topic 3: Codification
                                    Improvements to Update 2017-12 and Other Hedging
                                    Items</ph>
                     </p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">Topic 4: Codification
                                    Improvements to Update 2016-01</ph>
                     </p>
                  </li>
                  <li class="- topic/li ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">Topic 5: Codification
                                    Improvements Resulting from the November 1, 2018 Credit Losses
                                    TRG Meeting</ph>
                     </p>
                  </li>
               </ul>
               <p class="- topic/p ">Each topic category contains a variety of issues and the effective dates
                        for each issue depend on the topic category. “Pending Content” from Topic 1,
                        Issue 1B of the ASU is addressed in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../aag-afi/aag-afi7/aag-afi7_accounting_considerations/aag-afi7_accounting_considerations.dita#UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6_UUID-2b6edddb-334a-4b1a-9237-0e6ab8ff91a6/UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6_aag-afi7.05">paragraph 7.05</xref> of this guide. The amendments in Issue 1B are
                        effective as follows: for entities that have not yet adopted the amendments
                        in ASU No. 2016-13, the effective dates and transition requirements are the
                        same as those for that ASU; for entities that have adopted the amendments in
                        ASU No. 2016-13, the effective dates are for fiscal years beginning after
                        December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years.
                        Early adoption is permitted. See the ASU, available at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://fasb.org">fasb.org</xref>, for application
                        details.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi7_accounting_considerations.dita#UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6_UUID-2b6edddb-334a-4b1a-9237-0e6ab8ff91a6/UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6-aag-afi7-fn3"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6_aag-afi7.03" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">7.03</b> BEV manufactures
                parts for high-performance bicycles. Several years ago, BEV purchased a 6%, AA-rated
                bond of a publicly traded copper mining company at its $800,000 face amount. The
                intent of BEV’s management was to invest in a relatively stable security that would
                be available to finance BEV’s plant expansion that they anticipated would take place
                within a short period of time. Accordingly, the bond was classified as available for
                sale.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6_aag-afi7.04" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">7.04</b> For the last 2
                years, competition for BEV’s products has increased dramatically, and as a result,
                BEV has failed to continue to grow. At the end of the current year, management
                dropped its plans to expand the plant, decided to hold the bond to maturity, and
                changed the classification of the bond to held to maturity. Several months before
                the change in classification, the bond’s fair value began to decline. By the time
                the classification was changed, the bond’s fair value had declined by $150,000, from
                $800,000 <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="4" id="UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6-aag-afi7-fn4" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">For simplicity, this case study assumes that at the end of the prior year,
                        the bond’s fair value equaled its $800,000 face amount.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi7_accounting_considerations.dita#UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6_UUID-2b6edddb-334a-4b1a-9237-0e6ab8ff91a6/UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6-aag-afi7-fn4"/>
         </ph> to $650,000.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6_aag-afi7.05" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">7.05</b> According to FASB
                    <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting Standards Codification</i> (ASC) 320,
                    <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Investments — Debt Securities</i>, BEV should
                record the unrealized loss through the date of change in classification through a
                $150,000 charge to other comprehensive income and a $150,000 credit directly to the
                bond. The $650,000 fair value at the date the classification is changed becomes the
                bond’s new cost basis. With the exception of a decline in fair value that is other
                than temporary, changes in the fair value of the bond after the change in
                classification should only be recognized when they are realized. However, any
                decline in value that is other than temporary should be recognized in accordance
                with the requirements of paragraphs 34A–34E of FASB ASC 320-10-35. The measurement
                of the decline in value (impairment) should not include partial recoveries after the
                balance sheet date. The fair value of the bond would then become the new cost basis
                and should not be adjusted for subsequent recoveries in fair value. However, the
                amortized cost basis should be adjusted for accretion and amortization as discussed
                in FASB ASC 320-10-35-35.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" class="- topic/p ">
         <ph outputclass="shade grey" class="- topic/ph ">Based on “Pending Content” (added by Accounting
                    Standards Update No. 2019-04, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Codification Improvements
                        to Topic 326, Financial Instruments — Credit Losses, Topic 815, Derivatives
                        and Hedging, and Topic 825, Financial Instruments</i>) in paragraph
                    10B of FASB ASC 320-10-35, BEV should reclassify and transfer the debt security
                    to the held-to-maturity category at its amortized cost basis of $650,000 (which
                    is reduced by any previous write-offs but excludes any allowance for credit
                    losses) plus or minus the amount of remaining unrealized holding loss reported
                    in accumulated other comprehensive income. BEV should evaluate the debt security
                    for an allowance for credit losses by following the guidance in FASB ASC 326-20,
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Financial Instruments — Credit Losses-Measured at
                        Amortized Cost</i>. BEV should continue to report the unrealized
                    holding loss at the date of the transfer in a separate component of
                    shareholders’ equity, such as accumulated other comprehensive income; the loss
                    should be amortized over the remaining life of the security as an adjustment of
                    yield in a manner consistent with the amortization of any premium or
                    discount.</ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6_aag-afi7.06" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">7.06</b> When a bond is
                reclassified as held to maturity, the unrealized appreciation or depreciation in its
                value at the date of reclassification continues to be reported as a separate
                component of equity (such as accumulated other comprehensive income). However, it is
                treated as a premium or discount and amortized over future years as a yield
                adjustment. The bond’s amortized cost basis, which is its carrying amount, is its
                $800,000 face amount less the unamortized portion of the $150,000 unrealized loss at
                the date of reclassification. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="5" id="UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6-aag-afi7-fn5" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">It may also be viewed as the $650,000 fair value at the date of
                        reclassification plus cumulative amortization of the $150,000 unrealized
                        loss at the date of reclassification.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi7_accounting_considerations.dita#UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6_UUID-2b6edddb-334a-4b1a-9237-0e6ab8ff91a6/UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6-aag-afi7-fn5"/>
         </ph> Therefore, when the bond matures, its carrying amount will be its face
                amount. In financial statements after the reclassification, BEV’s financial
                statements should disclose, among other things, the bond’s amortized cost basis, its
                fair value, and the unrealized appreciation or depreciation in its value. The
                unrealized appreciation or depreciation disclosed in the financial statements should
                be the difference between the bond’s fair value and its new amortized cost basis
                (that is, the fair value at the date of reclassification adjusted for unamortized
                premium or discount).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6_aag-afi7.07" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">7.07</b> BEV could use the
                following entries to record the change in classification of the bond from available
                for sale to held to maturity:</p>
      <table outputclass="ruled" id="UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6_aag-afi7_table1" class="- topic/table ">
         <tgroup cols="3" class="- topic/tgroup ">
            <colspec colname="c1" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <colspec colname="c2" align="right" class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <colspec colname="c3" align="right" class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <tbody class="- topic/tbody ">
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Other comprehensive income</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">$150,000</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry "/>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">    Investment in available-for-sale bond</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry "/>
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">$150,000</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">To recognize the decline in the bond’s fair value through the date
                                its classification was changed</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry "/>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry "/>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Investment in held-to-maturity bond</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">$650,000</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry "/>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">    Investment in available-for-sale bond</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry "/>
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">$650,000</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">To record the change in the bond’s classification</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry "/>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry "/>
               </row>
            </tbody>
         </tgroup>
      </table>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6_aag-afi7.08" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">7.08</b> The $150,000
                unrealized holding loss related to the bond at the time of the reclassification
                would continue to be reported in accumulated other comprehensive income. Each year,
                BEV will receive $48,000 in cash from the issuer of the bond, which is 6% of the
                bond’s $800,000 face amount. An effective interest rate of 11.08393% would discount
                5 annual payments of $48,000 and an $800,000 principal payment at the end of the
                fifth year to the bond’s $650,000 carrying amount when the classification is
                changed. Accordingly, the difference between the result of applying this rate to the
                bond’s carrying amount and the $48,000 stated interest should be recorded as
                amortization of the discount. As the following table illustrates, the substance of
                the accounting is that each year, cash increases $48,000; the bond’s carrying amount
                increases by the discount amortization; and equity increases by the result of
                applying 11.08393% to the carrying amount of the bond at the beginning of the
                year:</p>
      <table outputclass="ruled" id="UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6_aag-afi7_table2" class="- topic/table ">
         <tgroup cols="5" class="- topic/tgroup ">
            <colspec colname="c1" align="center" class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <colspec colname="c2" align="right" class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <colspec colname="c3" align="right" class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <colspec colname="c4" align="right" class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <colspec colname="c5" align="right" class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <thead class="- topic/thead ">
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="center" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Year</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="center" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Carrying Amount of the Bond</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="center" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Cash Received</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="center" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Discount Amortization</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="center" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Total Increase in Equity</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody class="- topic/tbody ">
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="center" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">1</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="right" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">$650,000</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="right" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">$48,000</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="right" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">$24,046</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="right" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">$72,046</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="center" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">2</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="right" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">674,046</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="right" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">48,000</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="right" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">26,711</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="right" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">74,711</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="center" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">3</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="right" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">700,757</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="right" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">48,000</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="right" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">29,671</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="right" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">77,671</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="center" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">4</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="right" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">730,428</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="right" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">48,000</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="right" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">32,960</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="right" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">80,960</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry align="center" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">5</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="right" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">763,388</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="right" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">48,000</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="right" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">36,612</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="right" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">
                        <u class="+ topic/ph hi-d/u "> 84,612</u>
                     </p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry "/>
                  <entry align="right" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">$800,000</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="right" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">$240,000</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="right" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">$150,000</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry align="right" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">$390,000</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry namest="c1" nameend="c5" valign="bottom" class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">The $390,000 cumulative increase in equity over the 5 remaining
                                years the bond is outstanding equals the $240,000 interest received
                                plus the amortization of the $150,000 unrealized loss at the date of
                                reclassification.</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
            </tbody>
         </tgroup>
      </table>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6_aag-afi7.09" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">7.09</b> The increase in
                equity should be split between interest income and other comprehensive income.
                Because BEV will not realize the $150,000 unrealized loss charged to other
                comprehensive income, the effective rate of return on the bond reported in earnings
                is equal to the bond’s stated interest rate. Therefore, interest income equals
                interest received. In substance, the excess of the increase in equity over the
                interest income equals the amortization of the discount and is reported as other
                comprehensive income. The 3 entries for the first year would be as follows:</p>
      <table outputclass="ruled" id="UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6_aag-afi7_table3" class="- topic/table ">
         <tgroup cols="3" class="- topic/tgroup ">
            <colspec colname="c1" align="left" class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <colspec colname="c2" align="right" class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <colspec colname="c3" align="right" class="- topic/colspec "/>
            <tbody class="- topic/tbody ">
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Cash</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">$48,000</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry "/>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">    Interest income</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry "/>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">$48,000</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">To record interest received</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry "/>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry "/>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Discount on investment in held-to-maturity bond</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">$24,046</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry "/>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">    Interest income</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry "/>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">$24,046</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">To record amortization of the discount on the held-to-maturity
                                bond</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry "/>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry "/>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Interest income</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">$24,046</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry "/>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">    Other comprehensive income</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry "/>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">$24,046</p>
                  </entry>
               </row>
               <row class="- topic/row ">
                  <entry class="- topic/entry ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">To record amortization of the unrealized loss included in
                                accumulated other comprehensive income</p>
                  </entry>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry "/>
                  <entry class="- topic/entry "/>
               </row>
            </tbody>
         </tgroup>
      </table>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6_aag-afi7.10" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">7.10</b> Paragraphs 17–35 of
                FASB ASC 320-10-35 address the determination regarding when an investment is
                considered impaired, whether that impairment is other than temporary, and the
                measurement of an impairment loss. FASB ASC 320-10-35 also includes accounting
                considerations subsequent to the recognition of an other-than-temporary impairment
                and requires certain disclosures about unrealized losses that have not been
                recognized as other-than-temporary impairments.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" class="- topic/p ">“Pending Content” in paragraphs 17–35 of FASB ASC 320-10-35
                is superseded upon adoption of by ASU No. 2016-13, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Financial
                    Instruments — Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on
                    Financial Instruments</i>.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9a1b63a3-6faf-2f41-2eaf-f88a20adbbe6_aag-afi7.11" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">7.11</b> At the end of the
                fifth year, when the principal is collected, the</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">discount will have been amortized, and the carrying amount of the bond
                        will be $800,000, which is the principal due on the bond.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">$150,000 unrealized loss in accumulated other comprehensive income will
                        have been eliminated through credits to other comprehensive income.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>