<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-abac2f55-e8a1-6e4f-8f9f-c6035c9233bc" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Exemption Reports</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.111" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.111</b> The rules
                        require a broker-dealer that claims an exemption from SEC Rule 15c3-3
                        throughout the most recent fiscal year (or is not otherwise required to file
                        a compliance report based on SEC guidance) to file an annual exemption
                        report. If a broker-dealer filing an exemption report claims an exemption
                        from SEC Rule 15c3-3 throughout the most recent fiscal year, the exemption
                        report includes statements made to the "best knowledge and belief of the
                        broker-dealer," where the broker-dealer does the following:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Identifies the provisions in SEC Rule 15c3-3(k) under which the
                                broker-dealer claimed an exemption. Note that the exemption
                                provision in paragraph (k)(1) of Rule 15c3-3 is exclusive.
                                Therefore, a broker-dealer claiming the exemption in paragraph
                                (k)(1) of Rule 15c3-3 cannot additionally claim an exemption in
                                paragraph (k)(2) of Rule 15c3-3. See Title 17, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Commodity and Securities Exchanges</i>,
                                U.S. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Code of Federal Regulations</i>
                                (CFR), Section 240.15c3-3(k)(1)(i)–(ii) (requiring that the
                                broker-dealer’s transactions “are limited to” the activities
                                identified in those paragraphs).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Indicates it has met the identified exemption provision throughout
                                the most recent fiscal year without exception or that it met the
                                identified exemption provisions in SEC Rule 15c3-3(k) throughout the
                                year except as described in the exemption report.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">If applicable, identifies each exception and briefly describes the
                                nature of each exception and the approximate date(s) on which the
                                exception existed.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Rule 17a-5(d) provides that the exemption report must be executed by the
                        person who makes the oath or affirmation under paragraph (e)(2) of Rule
                        17a-5. The rule states that only certain persons are authorized to make such
                        oaths or affirmations on behalf of the firm.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.112" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.112</b> The AICPA
                        Stockbrokerage and Investment Banking Expert Panel together with SIFMA
                        Financial Management Society developed four illustrative exemption report
                        examples for information purposes only. See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd3/aag-brd3_annual_compliance_certification/aag-brd3_annual_compliance_certification.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-78adee38-6820-e4e2-6575-85fa873e1943/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3_exhibit_3-2">exhibit 3-2</xref>, “Illustrations of Exemption Reports Required by SEC
                        Rule 17a-5,” in paragraph 3.192 of this chapter. The exemption report
                        required by SEC Rule 17a-5 is the responsibility of the SEC-registered
                        broker-dealer. Broker-dealer firms should seek the advice of their own legal
                        and/or other advisers with respect to their exemption reports.</p>
      <p id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.113" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.113</b> The SEC's
                        Division of Trading and Markets has published <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Frequently Asked
                            Questions Concerning the July 30, 2013 Amendments to the Broker-Dealer
                            Financial Reporting Rule</i> (FAQs). <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="35" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393043914282" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The FAQs publication is available at on the “Division of Trading
                                and Markets” pages of the SEC website at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.sec.gov/divisions/marketreg/mrfaq">https://www.sec.gov/divisions/marketreg/mrfaq</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd3_exemption_reports.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-abac2f55-e8a1-6e4f-8f9f-c6035c9233bc/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393043914282"/>
         </ph> Questions 12, 12.1, and 12.2 of the FAQs address circumstances
                        when a non-carrying broker-dealer filing an exemption report may have
                        multiple business activities with customers.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Following are excerpts.</p>
      <lq class="- topic/lq ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">QUESTION 12 (MODIFIED, JULY 1,
                                    2020)</i>
            </b>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Non-carrying broker-dealers may have multiple
                                business activities with customers. A non-carrying broker-dealer may
                                introduce some customer transactions to a carrying broker-dealer on
                                a fully disclosed basis in conformance with paragraph (k)(2)(ii) of
                                Rule 15c3-3 and at the same time effect customer transactions in
                                securities in conformance with paragraph (k)(2)(i) of Rule 15c3-3.
                                In such cases, should the broker-dealer identify both paragraphs
                                (k)(2)(i) and (k)(2)(ii) of Rule 15c3-3 as the exemptions under
                                which it claims exemption from Rule 15c3-3 in its exemption report?
                                Should all exceptions under both paragraphs be identified in the
                                exemption report?</i>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ANSWER 12: (MODIFIED, JULY 1,
                                    2020)</i>
            </b>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Yes, the broker-dealer should identify each
                                basis for the exemption in its exemption report. If both of the
                                exemption provisions in paragraph (k)(2) of Rule 15c3-3 apply to the
                                business activities of an introducing broker-dealer, the
                                broker-dealer should reflect both exemption provisions supporting
                                its claim of exemption in the exemption report, and should also
                                identify any applicable exceptions under each.</i>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">QUESTION 12.1 (NEW, JULY 1, 2020)</i>
            </b>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">How should a broker-dealer indicate on the FOCUS
                                Report that it is claiming an exemption from Rule 15c3-3 if the firm
                                relies on more than one of the exemption provisions in paragraph
                                (k)(2) of Rule 15c3-3 (i.e., paragraphs (k)(2)(i) and
                                (k)(2)(ii))?</i>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ANSWER 12.1 (NEW, JULY 1, 2020)</i>
            </b>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The broker-dealer should indicate on its FOCUS
                                Report each exemption provision in paragraph (k)(2) of Rule 15c3-3
                                it is relying on to claim an exemption from the rule, as applicable
                                (i.e., paragraphs (k)(2)(i) and (k)(2)(ii)). </i>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">QUESTION 12.2 (NEW, JULY 1, 2020)</i>
            </b>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Should a broker-dealer indicate on the FOCUS
                                Report that it is claiming an exemption from Rule 15c3-3 if the firm
                                conducts some activities pursuant to one or more of the exemptions
                                in paragraph (k) of Rule 15c3-3 (i.e., paragraph (k)(2)(i) or
                                (k)(2)(ii)), but also engages in activities not conducted pursuant
                                to such an exemption in which the broker-dealer (1) directly or
                                indirectly receives, holds, or otherwise owes funds or securities
                                for or to customers (other than money or other consideration
                                received and promptly transmitted in compliance with paragraph (a)
                                or (b)(2) of Rule 15c2-4); (2) carries accounts of or for customers;
                                or (3) carries PAB accounts (as defined in Rule 15c3-3)?</i>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ANSWER 12.2 (NEW, JULY 1, 2020)</i>
            </b>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">No. A broker-dealer that engages in one or more
                                of the activities described in Items (1), (2), or (3) of Question
                                12.2 is subject to Rule 15c3-3 and, therefore, must not indicate on
                                the FOCUS Report that it is claiming an exemption from the
                                rule.</i>
         </p>
      </lq>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.114" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.114</b> Questions
                        8 and 8.1 of the SEC staff of the Division of Trading and Markets’
                        “Frequently Asked Questions Concerning the July 30, 2013, Amendments to the
                        Broker-Dealer Financial Reporting Rule” (modified July 1, 2020) addresses
                        circumstances when a broker-dealer would be covered by footnote 74 of SEC
                        Release No. 34-70073 and, on that basis, file an exemption report instead of
                        a compliance report. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="36" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393044068406" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The FAQ is available at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="http://www.sec.gov/divisions/marketreg/mrfaq.htm">www.sec.gov/divisions/marketreg/mrfaq.htm</xref> or by using
                                the “FAQs” link on the “Division of Trading and Markets” page at
                                    <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.sec.gov">www.sec.gov</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd3_exemption_reports.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-abac2f55-e8a1-6e4f-8f9f-c6035c9233bc/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393044068406"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <lq class="- topic/lq ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">QUESTION 8: (MODIFIED, JULY 1,
                                    2020)</i>
            </b>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Paragraph (d)(1)(i)(B)(1) of Rule 17a-5 requires
                                a broker-dealer that did not claim an exemption under paragraph (k)
                                of Rule 15c3-3 throughout the most recent fiscal year to file a
                                compliance report. Footnote 74 of the 2013 Release adopting
                                amendments to Rule 17a-5 states: “There may be circumstances in
                                which a broker-dealer has not held customer securities or funds
                                during the fiscal year, but does not fit into one of the exemptive
                                provisions [for Rule 15c3-3] listed under Item 24 of Part IIA [of
                                the FOCUS Report]. Even though there is not a box to check on the
                                FOCUS Report, these broker-dealers should file an exemption report
                                and related accountant’s report.” ... What types of broker-dealers
                                would be covered by footnote 74 and, on that basis, file an
                                exemption report instead of a compliance report? Are there other
                                potential circumstances when a broker-dealer would file an exemption
                                report as opposed to a compliance report?</i>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ANSWER 8: (CORRECTED, September 6,
                                    2022)</i>
            </b>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">A broker-dealer that does not meet any of the
                                exemption conditions of paragraph (k) of Rule 15c3-3 (i.e.,
                                paragraph (k)(1), (k)(2)(i) or (k)(2)(ii)), but also</i>
         </p>
         <ul outputclass="ul none" class="- topic/ul ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(1)    does not directly or indirectly
                                        receive, hold, or otherwise owe funds or securities for or
                                        to customers, other than money or other consideration
                                        received and promptly transmitted in compliance with
                                        paragraph (a) or (b)(2) of Exchange Act Rule 15c2-4 (“Rule
                                        15c2-4”);</i>
               </p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(2)    does not carry accounts of or for
                                        customers; and</i>
               </p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(3)    does not carry PAB accounts (as
                                        defined in Rule 15c3-3) (“Non-Covered Firm”)</i>
               </p>
            </li>
         </ul>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">would be covered by footnote 74; instead of
                                filing a compliance report (and corresponding accountant’s report
                                based on an examination of the compliance report), it may file an
                                exemption report (and corresponding accountant’s report based on a
                                review of the exemption report). A Non-Covered Firm that limits its
                                business activities exclusively to one or more of the following
                                would be eligible to file an exemption report:</i>
         </p>
         <ul outputclass="ul none" class="- topic/ul ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(1)    proprietary trading;</i>
               </p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(2)    effecting securities transactions
                                        via subscriptions;</i>
               </p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(3)    receiving transaction-based
                                        compensation for identifying potential merger and
                                        acquisition opportunities for clients, referring securities
                                        transactions to other broker-dealers, or providing
                                        technology or platform services;</i>
               </p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(4)    participating in distributions of
                                        securities (other than firm commitment underwritings) in
                                        accordance with the requirements of paragraphs (a) or (b)(2)
                                        of Rule 15c2-4; or</i>
               </p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(5)    engaging solely in activities
                                        permitted for capital acquisition brokers (CAB) as defined
                                        in FINRA’s CAB rules and approved for membership in FINRA as
                                        a CAB.</i>
               </p>
            </li>
         </ul>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">A Non-Covered Firm that does not claim an
                                exemption under paragraph (k) of Rule 15c3-3 should include in the
                                exemption report a description of all the firm’s business activities
                                and a statement that during the reporting period the firm</i>
         </p>
         <ul outputclass="ul none" class="- topic/ul ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(1)    did not directly or indirectly
                                        receive, hold, or otherwise owe funds or securities for or
                                        to customers, other than money or other consideration
                                        received and promptly transmitted in compliance with
                                        paragraph (a) or (b)(2) of Rule 15c2-4;</i>
               </p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(2)    did not carry accounts of or for
                                        customers; and</i>
               </p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">(3)    did not carry PAB accounts (as
                                        defined in Rule 15c3-3).</i>
               </p>
            </li>
         </ul>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Footnote 78 of the 2013 Release adopting amendments to Rule
                                17a-5 states: “Broker-dealers with extremely limited custodial
                                activities (e.g., holding customer checks made out to a third party
                                for limited periods of time) could seek exemptive relief under
                                section 36 of the Exchange Act from the requirement to file the
                                compliance report and report of the independent public accountant
                                covering the compliance report.”</i>
            <ph class="- topic/ph ">
               <fn callout="37" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393044388690" class="- topic/fn ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">See <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Broker-Dealer Reports</i>, 78 FR at
                                    51915-16 n.78.</p>
               </fn>
               <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd3_exemption_reports.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-abac2f55-e8a1-6e4f-8f9f-c6035c9233bc/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393044388690"/>
            </ph>
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i "> [See Broker-Dealer Reports, 78 FR at 51915-16 n.78.] Such
                                firms should submit these requests to Commission staff by email to
                                FinOpRequests@sec.gov. These requests should include the following
                                information: a description of the firm’s business, the firm’s
                                reasons for seeking relief, the name and contact information for the
                                firm’s FINRA Regulatory Analyst, and, if applicable, a copy of last
                                fiscal year’s annual report.</i>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">QUESTION 8.1: (NEW, JULY 1, 2020)</i>
            </b>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">If a broker-dealer, including a Non-Covered
                                Firm, does not meet any of the exemption conditions of paragraph (k)
                                of Rule 15c3-3, should the broker-dealer indicate on the FOCUS
                                Report that it is claiming an exemption from Rule 15c3-3?</i>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ANSWER 8.1: (NEW, JULY 1, 2020)</i>
            </b>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">No. Items 4550, 4560, 4570 and 4580 of the FOCUS
                                Report should be left blank</i>
         </p>
      </lq>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.115" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.115</b> Following
                        the issuance of the July 1, 2020, update to Question 8 of the SEC staff of
                        the Division of Trading and Markets’ “Frequently Asked Questions Concerning
                        the July 30, 2013, Amendments to the Broker-Dealer Financial Reporting
                        Rule,” FINRA made available additional FAQs. The following is an excerpt:
                            <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="38" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393044579458" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The FAQs are available at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="http://www.finra.org/rules-guidance/guidance/faqs">www.finra.org/rules-guidance/guidance/faqs</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd3_exemption_reports.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-abac2f55-e8a1-6e4f-8f9f-c6035c9233bc/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393044579458"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <lq class="- topic/lq ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">QUESTION 3</i>
            </b>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">If, pursuant to new FAQ 8.1 in the SEC staff's
                                "Frequently Asked Questions Concerning the July 30, 2013, Amendments
                                to the Broker-Dealer Financial Reporting Rule," a broker-dealer does
                                not indicate on the FOCUS Report that it is claiming an exemption
                                from SEA Rule 15c3-3 because the broker-dealer does not meet any of
                                the exemption conditions of paragraph (k) of Rule 15c3-3 (i.e.,
                                paragraph (k)(1), (k)(2)(i) or (k)(2)(ii)), but also (1) does not
                                directly or indirectly receive, hold, or otherwise owe funds or
                                securities for or to customers, other than money or other
                                consideration received and promptly transmitted in compliance with
                                paragraph (a) or (b)(2) of Rule 15c2-4; (2) does not carry accounts
                                of or for customers; and (3) does not carry PAB accounts (as defined
                                in Rule 15c3-3) (referred to in the SEC staff's FAQ guidance as a
                                "Non-Covered Firm"), is there any other information that the firm
                                should submit to FINRA on the FOCUS Report in regard to the firm's
                                Rule 15c3-3 exemption status?</i>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ANSWER 3</i>
            </b>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Yes. When filing its FOCUS Report through the
                                eFOCUS system, the firm may enter a memo to Item 4560 that states:
                                "The firm has no possession or control obligations under SEA Rule
                                15c3-3(b) or reserve deposit obligations under SEA Rule 15c3-3(e)
                                because its business is limited to [list activities]." For
                                instructions on how to add a memo to FOCUS Report line items through
                                the eFOCUS system, please see the FINRA eFOCUS User
                                Guide.</i>
         </p>
      </lq>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.116" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.116</b> The
                        auditor's responsibility with respect to noncompliance or material weakness
                        (as defined by SEC Rule 17a-5) is described in SEC Rule 17a-5(h) and
                        includes requirements for the auditor to contact the SEC if he or she is
                        aware that the broker-dealer failed to make appropriate notification about
                        the existence of noncompliance and material weaknesses (as defined by SEC
                        Rule 17a-5). The following is paraphrased from SEC Rule 17a-5(h):</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">If, during the course of the audit or interim work, the
                                independent public accountant determines that the broker-dealer is
                                not in compliance with SEC Rule 15c3-1, SEC Rule 15c3-3, or SEC Rule
                                17a-13 or the Account Statement Rules of the designated examining
                                authority or that a material weakness (as defined by SEC Rule 17a-5)
                                exists, the independent public accountant must immediately notify
                                the CFO of the broker-dealer. If the notice from the accountant to
                                the CFO concerns an instance of noncompliance that would require a
                                broker-dealer to provide a notification under SEC Rules 15c3-1,
                                15c3-3, or 17a-11, or if the notice concerns a material weakness (as
                                defined by SEC Rule 17a-5), the broker-dealer must provide a
                                notification in accordance with SEC Rules 15c3-1, 15c3-3, or 17a-11,
                                as applicable, within one business day and provide a copy of the
                                notification to the independent public accountant.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">If the accountant fails to receive such notice from the
                                broker-dealer within one business day or if the accountant disagrees
                                with the statements contained in the notice of the broker-dealer,
                                the accountant shall have a responsibility to inform the SEC and
                                designated examining authority by report of noncompliance or
                                material weakness (as defined by SEC Rule 17a-5) within one business
                                day thereafter as set forth in SEC Rule 17a-11. Such report from the
                                accountant shall, if the broker-dealer failed to file a notice,
                                describe any instances of noncompliance that required the
                                broker-dealer to provide a notice or any material weaknesses (as
                                defined by SEC Rule 17a-5) found to exist. If the broker-dealer
                                filed a notice, the accountant shall file a report detailing the
                                aspects, if any, of the broker-dealer's notice with which the
                                accountant does not agree.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.117" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.117</b> SEC Rule
                        17a-5 also contains rules relating to the qualification, designation,
                        independence, and replacement of public accountants who audit the financial
                        statements of broker-dealers.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.118" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.118</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Qualification of accountant</i>. Paragraph (f)(1)
                        of Rule 17a-5 provides that the independent public accountant must be
                        qualified and independent in accordance with Rule 2-.01 of Regulation S-X
                        (17 CFR 210.2-.01) and the independent public accountant must be registered
                        with the PCAOB if required by SOX. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="39" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393044773698" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Although the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (SOX) is directed at
                                    <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">issuers</i> (as defined by SOX)
                                and their auditors, nonissuer broker-dealers also come under the
                                scope of certain provisions of SOX because Section 205(c)(2) of SOX
                                amended <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Commerce and Trade</i>, USC
                                15, Section 78q of the 1934 Act to require all broker-dealers (both
                                issuer and nonissuer) to be audited by a public accounting firm
                                registered with the PCAOB. For fiscal years ending after December
                                31, 2008, financial statements of nonissuer broker-dealers must be
                                certified by a PCAOB-registered public accounting firm.</p>
               <p class="- topic/p ">    The term “audit” was defined in Section 2(a)(2) of SOX as an
                                “examination of the financial statements of any issuer by an
                                independent public accounting firm . . .” This definition omitted
                                audits of broker-dealers from its scope. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street
                                Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which was signed into law in
                                July 2010, amended SOX to provide the PCAOB with explicit authority
                                to oversee audits of broker-dealers registered with the Commission.
                                However, the amendments to SOX also provided that a public
                                accounting firm is not required to register with the PCAOB if the
                                firm is exempt from the PCAOB’s inspection program. To date, the
                                PCAOB has not proposed exempting any accounting firms that only
                                audit broker-dealers from its inspection program.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd3_exemption_reports.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-abac2f55-e8a1-6e4f-8f9f-c6035c9233bc/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393044773698"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.119" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.119</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Designation of accountant</i>. SEC Rule 17a-5 also
                        requires every broker-dealer that is required (by Rule 17a-5(d)) to file an
                        annual report of financial statements to also file, by no later than
                        December 10 of each year (or 30 calendar days after the effective date of
                        its registration as a broker-dealer, if earlier) a statement with the SEC's
                        principal office in Washington, D.C.; with the regional office of the SEC
                        for the region in which its principal place of business is located; and with
                        the principal office of the designated examining authority for such
                        broker-dealer. The statement must be dated no later than December 1 (or 20
                        calendar days after the effective date of its registration as a
                        broker-dealer, if earlier). If the engagement of an accountant is of a
                        continuing nature, providing for successive yearly audits, no further filing
                        is required. However, if the agreement is for a single audit, or if the most
                        recent engagement has been terminated or amended, a new statement must be
                        filed by the required date.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.120" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.120</b> The notice
                        filed with the SEC must be headed "Statement Regarding Independent Public
                        Accountant Under Rule 17a-5(f)(2)" and must contain the following
                        information and representations:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The name, address, telephone number, and registration number of
                                the broker-dealer</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The name, address, and telephone number of the independent public
                                accountant</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The date of the fiscal year of the annual reports of the
                                broker-dealer for the year covered by the engagement</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Whether the engagement is for a single year or is of a continuing
                                nature</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">A representation that the independent public accountant has
                                undertaken (a) to prepare a report based on an examination of the
                                financial report; (b) to prepare a report based on an examination of
                                certain statements in the compliance report or to prepare a report
                                based on a review of statements in the exemption report; and (c) to
                                prepare the reports in accordance with PCAOB standards</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">A representation that if requested in writing for purposes of an
                                examination of the broker-dealer, the broker-dealer allows the
                                regulators access to audit documentation and allows the independent
                                public accountant to discuss findings with the regulators (this
                                representation is not applicable for a broker-dealer that neither
                                clears nor carries customer accounts)</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.121" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.121</b> Any
                        broker-dealer that is not required to engage an independent public
                        accountant to provide the reports required under SEC Rule 17a-5(e) or is
                        exempted from the requirement to file an annual audited report of financial
                        statements per SEA Rule 17a-5(d)(1)(iv)/01 should nevertheless file the
                        notice and indicate the date as of which the unaudited report will be
                        prepared. Every newly registered broker-dealer should file the notice
                        designating its accountant within 30 days following the effective date of
                        its registration as a broker-dealer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.122" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.122</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Independence of accountant</i>. SEC Rule 17a-5
                        requires that the provisions set forth in SEC Rules 2-01(b) and (c) of
                        Regulation S-X be adhered to when determining whether the accountant is
                        deemed to be independent. In November 2014, the AICPA and the Center for
                        Audit Quality jointly issued a Member Alert (available at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.thecaq.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/independence-alert-caqalert-201411.pdf">https://www.thecaq.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/independence-alert-caqalert-201411.pdf</xref>),
                        which discusses, among other things, SEC and PCAOB independence
                        considerations for broker-dealers and their independent accountant. The
                        AICPA Stockbrokerage and Investment Banking Expert Panel maintains a summary
                        (available at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.aicpa-cima.com/resources/download/audit-attestation-independence-standards-bd-industry">https://www.aicpa-cima.com/resources/download/audit-attestation-independence-standards-bd-industry</xref>)
                        of applicable audit, attest, and independence standards for certain SEC and
                        CFTC registrants.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.123" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.123</b> In January
                        2003, the SEC adopted amendments to its requirements regarding auditor
                        independence to enhance the independence of accountants who audit and review
                        financial statements and prepare attestation reports filed with the SEC.
                        Auditors of nonissuer broker-dealers are restricted from performing those
                        services specifically excluded by SOX and are expected to comply with all
                        other SEC independence rules, including those that prohibit bookkeeping and
                        the preparation of financial statements for nonissuer broker-dealers. SEC
                        answers to frequently asked questions regarding the independence rules can
                        be found at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="http://www.sec.gov/info/accountants/ocafaqaudind080607.htm">www.sec.gov/info/accountants/ocafaqaudind080607.htm</xref>.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.124" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.124</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Replacement of accountant</i>. A broker-dealer is
                        also required to file a notice with the SEC's principal office in
                        Washington, D.C.; the SEC regional office for the region in which the
                        broker-dealer's principal place of business is located; and the principal
                        office of the designated examining authority for such broker-dealer no more
                        than 15 business days after any of the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The broker-dealer has notified the accountant whose report covered
                                the most recent financial report and compliance or exemption report
                                filed under SEC Rule 17a-5(d) that the accountant’s services will
                                not be used in future engagements.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The broker-dealer has notified an accountant who was engaged to
                                provide the accountant’s report covering the financial report and
                                compliance or exemption report to be filed under SEC Rule 17a-5(d)
                                that the engagement has been terminated.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">An accountant has notified the broker-dealer that the accountant
                                would not continue under an engagement to provide the accountant’s
                                report covering the financial report and compliance or exemption
                                report to be filed under SEC Rule 17a-5(d).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">A new accountant has been engaged to provide the accountant’s
                                report required under SEC Rule 17a-5(d) without any notice of
                                termination having been given to or by the previously engaged
                                accountant.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.125" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.125</b> SEC Rule
                        17a-5(f)(3)(v) requires the notice to state the date of notification of the
                        termination of the engagement (or notification of the engagement of the new
                        accountant, as applicable) and to state the details of any issues that
                        existed during the 24 months (or the period of the engagement, if less)
                        preceding such termination or new engagement relating to any matter of
                        accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, auditing
                        scope or procedure, or compliance with applicable SEC rules and that, if not
                        resolved to the satisfaction of the former accountant, would have caused him
                        or her to make reference to them in connection with his or her report on the
                        subject matter of the problems. The issues required to be reported include
                        both those resolved to the former accountant's satisfaction and those not
                        resolved to the former accountant's satisfaction. Such issues would include
                        those that occur at the decision-making level (that is, between the
                        broker-dealer's principal financial officers and the accounting firm's
                        personnel responsible for rendering its report).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.126" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.126</b> The notice
                        must also state whether the accountant's report on the financial statements
                        for any of the past two years contained an adverse opinion or a disclaimer
                        of opinion or was modified concerning uncertainties, audit scope, or
                        accounting principles and must describe the nature of each such adverse
                        opinion, disclaimer of opinion, or qualification. The broker-dealer must
                        also request the former accountant to furnish the broker-dealer with a
                        letter that is addressed to the SEC that states whether he or she agrees
                        with the statements contained in the notice of the broker-dealer and, if
                        not, states the respects in which he or she does not agree. The
                        broker-dealer should file three copies of the notice and the accountant's
                        letter, one copy of which should be manually signed by the sole proprietor
                        (or a general partner or a duly authorized corporate officer, as
                        appropriate) and by the accountant, respectively.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.127" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.127</b> SEC
                        broker-dealers that are dually registered as FCMs or IBs or swap dealers
                        must comply with both SEC and CFTC regulations, including notification
                        requirements.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>