<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-565140b9-bda3-4a2f-0166-6b9d6d01a401" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Introduction</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-565140b9-bda3-4a2f-0166-6b9d6d01a401_aag-afi_intro.1" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">I.1</b> Financial instruments
            may be used by financial and nonfinancial entities of all sizes for a variety of
            purposes. Some entities may have large holdings and transaction volumes, but other
            entities may only engage in a few financial instrument transactions. Some entities may
            take positions in financial instruments to assume and benefit from risk, but other
            entities may use financial instruments to reduce certain risks by hedging or managing
            exposures. This Audit Guide is relevant to all these situations.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-565140b9-bda3-4a2f-0166-6b9d6d01a401_aag-afi_intro.2" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">I.2</b> The following AU-C
            sections are particularly relevant to audits of financial instruments:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">AU-C section 540B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Auditing Accounting Estimates,
                        Including Fair Value Accounting Estimates, and Related
                        Disclosures</i>, <ph class="- topic/ph ">
                  <fn callout="1" id="UUID-565140b9-bda3-4a2f-0166-6b9d6d01a401-aag-afi-introduction-fn1" class="- topic/fn ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Each AU-C section in this guide designated with a “B” suffix (for
                            example, “AU-C section 200B”) denotes content that does not reflect the
                            codification of SAS Nos. 134–140 or or the amendments to other SASs made
                            by SAS Nos. 134–140 and subsequently issued SASs.</p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">    All AU-C sections can be found in AICPA <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../ps.dita#UUID-31e5d376-7dc9-0bde-c2d8-e38aa3d16588">
                           <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Professional
                                Standards</i>
                        </xref>. <unknown id="UUID-565140b9-bda3-4a2f-0166-6b9d6d01a401_N661754ff9d209" class="- topic/unknown ">AICPA Professional Standards</unknown>
                     </p>
                  </fn>
                  <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi_introduction.dita#UUID-565140b9-bda3-4a2f-0166-6b9d6d01a401/UUID-565140b9-bda3-4a2f-0166-6b9d6d01a401-aag-afi-introduction-fn1"/>
               </ph> addresses the auditor’s responsibilities relating to auditing
                    accounting estimates, including accounting estimates related to financial
                    instruments measured at fair value.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">AU-C section 315B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Understanding the Entity and Its
                        Environment and Assessing the Risks of Material Misstatement </i>,
                    and AU-C section 330B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Performing Audit Procedures in
                        Response to Assessed Risks and Evaluating the Audit Evidence
                        Obtained</i>, address identifying and assessing risks of material
                    misstatement and responding to those risks.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">AU-C section 500B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Audit Evidence</i>, explains
                    what constitutes audit evidence and addresses the auditor’s responsibility to
                    design and perform audit procedures to obtain sufficient appropriate audit
                    evidence to be able to draw reasonable conclusions on which to base the
                    auditor’s opinion.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">AU-C section 501B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Audit Evidence — Specific
                        Considerations for Selected Items</i>, addresses certain specific
                    aspects relating to auditing the valuation of investments in securities and
                    derivative instruments.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-565140b9-bda3-4a2f-0166-6b9d6d01a401_aag-afi_intro.3" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">I.3</b> The purpose of this
            Audit Guide is to provide</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">background information about financial instruments. (See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../aag-afi/aag-afi1/aag-afi1.dita#UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb">chapter 1</xref>, "Gaining an Understanding About Financial
                    Instruments.")</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">discussion of audit considerations relating to financial instruments. (See
                        <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../aag-afi/aag-afi2/aag-afi2.dita#UUID-8f5b7bc3-56ec-1810-d55d-d2418eec8eec">chapters 2–11</xref>.)</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Audit Guides provide practical assistance to auditors and material that accounting
            firms can use in developing their training programs and internal guidance.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-565140b9-bda3-4a2f-0166-6b9d6d01a401_aag-afi_intro.4" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">I.4</b> This Audit Guide is
            relevant to entities of all sizes because all entities may be subject to risks of
            material misstatement when using financial instruments.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-565140b9-bda3-4a2f-0166-6b9d6d01a401_aag-afi_intro.5" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">I.5</b> The guidance on
            valuation <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="2" id="UUID-565140b9-bda3-4a2f-0166-6b9d6d01a401-aag-afi-introduction-fn2" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">In this Audit Guide, the terms <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">valuation</i>
                    and <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">measurement</i> are used
                    interchangeably.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi_introduction.dita#UUID-565140b9-bda3-4a2f-0166-6b9d6d01a401/UUID-565140b9-bda3-4a2f-0166-6b9d6d01a401-aag-afi-introduction-fn2"/>
         </ph> in this Audit Guide is likely to be more relevant for financial instruments
            measured or disclosed at fair value, and the guidance on areas other than valuation
            applies equally to financial instruments measured at fair value or amortized cost or
            accounted for under the equity method of accounting. This Audit Guide is also applicable
            to both financial assets and liabilities, but it does not address instruments such
            as</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the simplest financial instruments (for example, cash, trade accounts
                    receivable, and trade accounts payable) or</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">insurance contracts.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-565140b9-bda3-4a2f-0166-6b9d6d01a401_aag-afi_intro.6" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">I.6</b> Also, this Audit
            Guide does not address specific accounting issues relevant to financial instruments,
            such as profit or loss on inception (often known as Day 1 profit or loss), offsetting,
            or risk transfers. Although these subject matters can relate to an entity’s accounting
            for financial instruments, a discussion of the auditor’s consideration regarding how to
            address specific accounting requirements is beyond the scope of this Audit Guide.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-565140b9-bda3-4a2f-0166-6b9d6d01a401_aag-afi_intro.7" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">I.7</b> An audit in
            accordance with generally accepted auditing standards is conducted on the premise that
            management and, when appropriate, those charged with governance have acknowledged
            certain responsibilities. Such responsibilities subsume making fair value measurements.
            This Audit Guide does not impose responsibilities on management or those charged with
            governance nor does it override laws and regulations that govern their
            responsibilities.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-565140b9-bda3-4a2f-0166-6b9d6d01a401_aag-afi_intro.8" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">I.8</b> This Audit Guide has
            been written in the context of general purpose fair presentation financial reporting
            frameworks but may also be useful, as appropriate in the circumstances, in other
            financial reporting frameworks, such as special purpose financial reporting
            frameworks.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-565140b9-bda3-4a2f-0166-6b9d6d01a401_aag-afi_intro.9" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">I.9</b> This Audit Guide
            primarily focuses on the assertions related to account balances and presentation and
            disclosure but also covers, in less detail, other assertions related to account
            balances, such as completeness, accuracy, existence, and rights and obligations.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-565140b9-bda3-4a2f-0166-6b9d6d01a401_aag-afi_intro.10" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">I.10</b> Financial
            instruments are susceptible to <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">estimation
            uncertainty</i>, which is defined in paragraph .07 of AU-C section 540B as "[t]he
            susceptibility of an accounting estimate and related disclosures to an inherent lack of
            precision in its measurement." Estimation uncertainty is affected by the complexity of
            financial instruments, among other factors. The nature and reliability of information
            available to support the measurement of financial instruments varies widely, which
            affects the estimation uncertainty associated with their measurement. This Audit Guide
            uses the term <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">measurement uncertainty</i> to refer to the
            estimation uncertainty associated with fair value measurements.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>