<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-26db4230-e121-2c60-2fd8-0952011813d8" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Regulatory Considerations</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.164" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.164</b> The general
                presumption of SEC Rule 17a-3 is that the financial accounting records have
                accounting integrity, be balanced, have an appropriate audit trail, and be posted
                currently. This generally means that financial and regulatory computations can be
                made promptly using those records.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.165" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.165</b> SEC Rule 17a-4
                prescribes the period of time that the books and records, as well as certain
                additional records, should be maintained by the broker-dealer under SEC Rule 17a-3.
                The rule applies to those records maintained in connection with a broker-dealer's
                business, not only those required by SEC Rule 17a-3. For example, record retention
                requirements for correspondence, canceled checks, memorandums, and other records of
                the broker-dealer's business are included under the rule.</p>
      <p id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_para-idm53392904202772" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.166</b> In October 2022, under SEC Release No.
                34-96034, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Electronic Recordkeeping Requirements for Broker-Dealers,
                    Security-Based Swap Dealers, and Major Security-Based Swap
                    Participants</i>, the SEC amended certain paragraphs of Rule 17a-4. The
                amendments modernize the electronic recordkeeping requirements for broker-dealers,
                security-based swap dealers, and major security-based swap participants and make
                them adaptable to new technologies. The amendments also aim to facilitate
                examinations of these entities. For broker-dealers, the effective date of the
                amendments was January 3, 2023, and the compliance date was May 3, 2023.</p>
      <p id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_para-idm53392904209252" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.167</b> In general, the amendments <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="12" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4-footnote-idm53392903826090" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Readers are encouraged to consult the full text of the release, available
                        at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.sec.gov/rules/final/2022/34-96034.pdf">https://www.sec.gov/rules/final/2022/34-96034.pdf</xref>. The SEC staff
                        has also published a Fact Sheet, Final Amendments to Electronic
                        Recordkeeping Requirements, which is available at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.sec.gov/files/34-96034-fact-sheet.pdf">https://www.sec.gov/files/34-96034-fact-sheet.pdf</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd2_regulatory.dita#UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-26db4230-e121-2c60-2fd8-0952011813d8/UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4-footnote-idm53392903826090"/>
         </ph> to paragraphs (f), (i), and (j) of Rule 17a-4 are intended to make them
                more technology neutral. The amendments added an audit-trail alternative to the
                previous requirement that broker-dealers preserve electronic records in a
                non-rewriteable, non-erasable format. Under this alternative, a broker-dealer must
                maintain an electronic system that allows the re-creation of an original record if
                it is altered, over-written, or erased. Among other changes, the amendments also
                require that broker-dealers produce electronic records in a reasonably usable format
                to allow regulators to search and sort information from those records.
                Broker-dealers are no longer required to notify their designated examining authority
                before implementing an electronic recordkeeping system.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_para-idm53392903874134" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.168</b> The records of a broker-dealer are generally
                required to be maintained for two years in a readily accessible place at the
                broker-dealer's principal place of business. Thereafter, the length of time the
                broker-dealer is required to maintain the records varies. Basic accounting records
                should be kept for six years. Records relating to the terms and conditions of
                opening and maintaining an account should be kept at least six years after closing
                the account. Other records (such as corporate charters, partnership agreements,
                minute books, and stock certificate books) should be kept for the life of the
                broker-dealer. Certain states and other authorities may have additional requirements
                for keeping books and records.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_para-idm53392903890770" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.169</b> SEC Rule 17a-4 permits the broker-dealer to use
                microfilm or microfiche (“micrographic media”) to preserve the firm's records. Other
                means, such as electronic files (for example, image processing), have been approved
                by the SEC as an alternative method of preserving a firm's records, provided certain
                criteria are met. If records are kept on such media, two copies should be made and
                kept in separate places to protect against loss. If an outside service bureau or
                other facility is used by the broker-dealer to prepare the records, the
                broker-dealer and facility should have an agreement that the facility's records are
                available to the SEC and self-regulatory organizations. See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../aag-brd/aag-brd2/aag-brd2_regulatory/aag-brd2_regulatory.dita#UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-26db4230-e121-2c60-2fd8-0952011813d8/UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_para-idm53392904202772">paragraphs 2.166–.167</xref> of this chapter for recent rulemaking related to
                electronic records.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_para-idm53392904577620" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.170</b> A broker-dealer operating as a sole proprietor
                should maintain records of all assets and liabilities of the proprietor that are not
                related to the broker-dealer's operation. Such records are necessary for determining
                whether the broker-dealer has complied with the net capital rule's (SEC Rule 15c3-1)
                requirement that the excess of personal liabilities over assets not used in the
                business be treated as a deduction when computing net capital.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_para-idm53392904607274" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.171</b> SEC Rule 17a-11 under the 1934 Act requires
                broker-dealers to notify the SEC and their designated examining authority if certain
                situations occur or are experienced. The rule also requires notification if certain
                minimum net capital requirements are not met. With regard to the books and records,
                the rule requires a broker-dealer that has failed to keep its books and records
                current as specified under SEC Rule 17a-3, to give notice of this fact immediately;
                to specify the books and records that have not been made and kept current; and to
                file a report within 48 hours of the notification stating the steps taken to correct
                the situation. There are other situations that may require notification under the
                rules, see <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../aag-brd/aag-brd3/aag-brd3.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2">chapter 3</xref>, "Regulatory Considerations," for further information
                regarding notification requirements.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_para-idm53392904641160" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.172</b> SEC Rule 17a-13 under the 1934 Act requires
                quarterly securities examinations (including physical securities counts,
                verifications, and comparisons with the records of the firm) and the recording of
                differences, as well as appropriate documentation and supervision of such
                procedures.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_para-idm53392904662174" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.173</b> The broker-dealer is also required to be in
                compliance with the net capital rule (SEC Rule 15c3-1) at all times. At least
                monthly, a broker-dealer is required to prepare and maintain a record of the proof
                of money balances for all ledger accounts in the form of trial balances and a record
                of the computation of aggregate indebtedness (unless the alternative capital
                computation, which uses aggregate debit items from SEC Rule 15c3-3, is being
                elected) and net capital under SEC Rule 15c3-1, as of the same date. In addition,
                SEC Rule 15c3-3 requires that records be maintained of the periodic (weekly or
                monthly) calculations of aggregate debit and credit items and the deposits required
                in the special reserve bank account for the exclusive benefit of customers and, if
                applicable, for the exclusive benefit of PAB accounts and that compliance with the
                requirements for maintaining physical possession or control of fully paid and
                excess-margin securities of customers be documented.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>