<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-3974fdb6-7494-3adb-3b62-10dd97f70504" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Securities Transfer</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.129" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.129</b> The transfer
                    department is responsible for transfers of ownership, registration, and
                    reissuance of securities in different certificate denominations (usually to meet
                    delivery requirements). Securities are generally registered in the name of the
                    firm, unless the customer specifically requests that fully paid securities be
                    registered in his or her name. If the securities are to be registered in the
                    customer's name, the transfer instructions are issued by the margin
                    department.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.130" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.130</b> The transfer
                    or margin department of a broker-dealer normally prepares securities transfer
                    instructions containing the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The name in which new certificates are to be registered (and the
                            account number and mailing address if they are to be registered in a
                            customer's name)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The number of shares or principal amount and description of the
                            securities</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Instructions indicating whether the new certificates are to be sent to
                            the customer or held by the broker-dealer for the customer's
                            account</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Certificate numbers of the securities being transferred</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.131" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.131</b> The
                    instructions from the margin department are recorded, and the security is
                    designated as in transfer on the stock record. The instructions are then kept in
                    an open transfer ticket file, which constitutes the supporting detail for the
                    stock record transfer position. A copy of the instructions is sent to the
                    transfer agent with the securities to be transferred.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.132" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.132</b> The transfer
                    department sends registered securities to transfer agents to be reregistered in
                    the new owners' names. Transfer agents (often banks) maintain the company's list
                    of owners. The certificates should be endorsed by the registered holder and
                    authorized by a power of attorney. Reregistration may be made in the name of the
                    beneficial owners or a nominee. Registration of certificates has been curtailed
                    through the use of depositories.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.133" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.133</b> Securities
                    received from transfer are matched against the open transfer instructions, and
                    the completed instructions are used as the basis for removing the open transfer
                    position from the stock record. If the certificates are returned, the transfer
                    department records them and returns them to the vault or sends them to the
                    cashier's department for delivery. Those instructions remaining in the transfer
                    department provide the supporting detail for the transfer positions on the stock
                    record.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.134" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.134</b> The transfer
                    and reorganization departments maintain an aging of open transfer and
                    reorganization items because any item in excess of 40 calendar days for which a
                    confirmation has not been received from the transfer agent should be reported in
                    the broker-dealer's regulatory monthly net capital and weekly reserve
                    computations.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>