<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-7a0ad85e-c86d-cb38-e4a8-82a39171c2af" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase and Securities Purchased
                    Under Agreements to Resell</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.47" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.47</b> A repurchase
                    transaction (repo) is a sale of a security coupled with an agreement by the
                    seller to repurchase the same or substantially the same security from the same
                    counterparty at a fixed or determinable price (generally the original sales
                    price plus accrued interest) within a fixed or variable time period. The meaning
                    of <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">substantially the same</i> is discussed in
                    FASB ASC 860-10-40-24a.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.48" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.48</b> FASB ASC 860
                    provides specific criteria for determining whether repos should be accounted for
                    as sales or secured borrowings. In accordance with FASB ASC 860-10-40-5,
                    transfers of financial assets, including repos, should be accounted for as sales
                    if and only if the transferred assets have been isolated from the transferor,
                    the transferee has the right to pledge or exchange the asset of beneficial
                    interest received, and transferor does not maintain effective control over the
                    transferred asset. If any of these conditions are not met, the agreement should
                    be accounted for as a secured borrowing. See the discussion in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd">chapter 5</xref> of this guide for more information related to transfers of
                    financial assets.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.49" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.49</b> A reverse
                    repurchase agreement (reverse repo or resale) is the purchase of a security at a
                    specified price with an agreement to sell the same or substantially the same
                    security to the same counterparty at a fixed or determinable price at a future
                    date.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.50" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.50</b> Repos and
                    reverse repos that are accounted for as collateralized borrowings should be
                    recorded as both assets and liabilities on the statement of financial condition
                    and may be netted if the conditions of FASB ASC 210-20-45-11 are met. See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd6/aag-brd6_stattement_of_financial_condition/aag-brd6_securities_sold_under_agreements/aag-brd6_securities_sold_under_agreements.dita#UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-7a0ad85e-c86d-cb38-e4a8-82a39171c2af/UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.53">paragraph 6.53</xref> of this chapter.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.51" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.51</b> FASB ASC
                    210-20-05-1 states that it is a general principle of accounting that the
                    offsetting of assets and liabilities in the balance sheet is improper except if
                    a "right of setoff" exists, which is defined as a debtor’s legal right, by
                    contract or otherwise, to discharge all or a portion of the debt owed to another
                    party by applying against the debt an amount that the other party owes to the
                    debtor. FASB ASC 210-20-45-1 provides that a right of setoff exists when all of
                    the following conditions are met:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Each of two parties owes the other determinable amounts.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The reporting party has the right to set off the amount owed with the
                            amount owed by the other party.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The reporting party intends to set off.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The right of setoff is <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">enforceable at
                                law</i> (as defined in FASB ASC 210-20-45-9).</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.52" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.52</b> The required
                    disclosures when right of setoff exists are discussed in the “<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd6/aag-brd6_disclosures/aag-brd6_balance_sheet_offsetting_disclosures/aag-brd6_balance_sheet_offsetting_disclosures.dita#UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-49074eda-0b11-9593-c79c-c2a3c4f4ee8c">Balance Sheet Offsetting Disclosures</xref>” section of this
                    chapter.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.53" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.53</b> In accordance
                    with FASB ASC 210-20-45-11, if the intent to set off condition in FASB ASC
                    210-20-45-1 is not met, a broker-dealer may, but is not required to, offset repo
                    liabilities and reverse repo assets accounted for as collateralized borrowings
                    if all of the following conditions are met:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The repo and reverse repo agreements are executed with the same
                            counterparty.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The repo and reverse repo agreements have the same explicit settlement
                            date specified at the inception of the agreement.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The repo and reverse repo agreement are executed in accordance with a
                            master netting agreement.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The securities underlying the repurchase and reverse repurchase
                            agreements exist in book entry form and can be transferred only by means
                            of entries in the records of the transfer system operator or securities
                            custodian. Book entry securities meeting the criterion in this paragraph
                            exist only as items in accounting records maintained by a transfer
                            system operator. This requirement does not preclude offsetting of
                            securities held in book entry form solely because other securities of
                            the same issue exist in other forms.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The repo and reverse repo agreements will be settled on a securities
                            transfer system that operates in the manner described in paragraphs
                            14–17 of FASB ASC 210-20-45, and the entity must have associated banking
                            arrangements in place as described in those paragraphs. Cash settlements
                            for securities transferred should be made under established banking
                            arrangements that provide that the entity will need available cash on
                            deposit only for any net amounts that are due at the end of the business
                            day. It must be probable (likely to occur) that the associated banking
                            arrangements will provide sufficient daylight overdraft or other
                            intraday credit at the settlement date for each of the parties.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The entity intends to use the same account at the clearing bank or
                            other financial institution at the settlement date in transacting both
                            the cash inflows resulting from the settlement of the reverse repo
                            agreement and the cash outflows in settlement of the offsetting repo
                            agreement.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>