<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-6789bb2c-4e85-5811-d341-c86b2f0eba6e" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Deferred Dealer Commissions and Concessions</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393211742456" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.77</b> A commission is generally considered
                    to be a charge added to the gross price of securities purchased or deducted from
                    the gross price of securities sold. A concession is an amount included in the
                    gross price of the transaction that is retained by or payable to the
                    broker-dealer executing the transaction. While a commission may occur in a
                    retail transaction between a broker-dealer and a customer or between
                    broker-dealers, a concession is more likely to occur between a broker-dealer and
                    an issuer or another member of an underwriting group.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_para-idm53393208617192" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.78</b> When a broker-dealer is a mutual fund
                    distributor, it may incur distribution costs and in turn receive 12b-1 fees, or
                    fees paid to a broker-dealer for marketing or distributing mutual funds, from
                    the fund as compensation for these costs. In some situations a broker-dealer
                    also pays an upfront commission to a broker who sells the fund. If this upfront
                    cost is combined with the right to receive 12b-1 fees and contingent deferred
                    sales charges (CDSC) from the fund, the broker-dealer should capitalize the cost
                    of the payment and amortize it over the period during which it will receive
                    fees, and analyze the asset for impairment, on a regular basis, based on the
                    future cash flows relating to the 12b-1 fees to be earned. A broker-dealer may
                    also finance the cost of the upfront commission, and therefore should record the
                    cash received and a liability. Additionally, if the broker-dealer sells the
                    right to receive revenue, the broker-dealer should record revenue for the sale
                    and expense the deferred dealer concession.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>