<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-1cbeb207-4d2b-6402-3d0c-6351d185e5b5" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Memberships in Exchanges</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.42" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.42</b> As discussed in
                    FASB ASC 940-340-05-1, exchange memberships provide the broker-dealer with the
                    right to do business on the exchanges of which the broker-dealer is a member.
                    Some exchange memberships also represent an ownership interest in the exchange.
                    Due to the demutualization of many exchanges, membership may not be aligned with
                    ownership in the exchange as trading privileges are disaggregated from
                    ownership. Many broker-dealers have memberships in several exchanges and more
                    than one membership in any particular exchange.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.43" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.43</b> To the extent
                    that a broker-dealer holds the minimum exchange membership required to conduct
                    business on the exchange, the asset is held at cost. Any exchange memberships
                    held in excess of the minimum requirements would be considered an investment and
                    would typically be held at fair value.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.44" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.44</b> Memberships are
                    usually registered in the names of individuals who are affiliated with the
                    broker-dealer. FASB ASC 940-340-25-2 states that a membership held in the name
                    of an individual is considered to be an asset of the broker-dealer if it is held
                    by the broker-dealer under an agreement that would require the member to take
                    specific action upon leaving the broker-dealer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.45" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.45</b> As noted in FASB
                    ASC 940-340-25-1, the accounting for exchange memberships depends on the rights
                    they convey and the reasons they are held as assets, as follows:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Intangible asset.</i> If an exchange
                            membership represents only the right to conduct business on an exchange,
                            the entity should account for the exchange membership as an intangible
                            asset according to the guidance in FASB ASC 350-10. Such memberships may
                            have finite or indefinite lives based on the terms of the arrangement
                            and the estimated life of the membership.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Ownership interest in the exchange</i>.
                            An exchange membership should be accounted for as an ownership interest
                            in the exchange, which should be measured initially at cost in
                            accordance with FASB ASC 940-340-30-1, if either of the following
                            conditions is met:</p>
            <ol outputclass="i" class="- topic/ol ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">The exchange membership represents both an ownership interest
                                    and the right to conduct business on the exchange, which are
                                    owned by a broker-dealer and held for operating purposes.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">The exchange membership represents an ownership interest,
                                    which must be held by a broker-dealer to conduct business on the
                                    exchange.</p>
               </li>
            </ol>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Contributed interest</i>. A membership
                            may be considered to be an asset of the broker-dealer if its use has
                            been contributed to the broker-dealer under a formal or informal
                            subordination agreement. An exchange membership contributed for the use
                            of the broker-dealer and subordinated to claims of general creditors
                            should be accounted for as a contributed interest, measured initially at
                            fair value, and the equal and offsetting liability subordinated to
                            claims of general creditors in accordance with FASB ASC
                            940-340-30-2.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.46" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.46</b> Additional
                    interests that are provided by the exchange that are above those that are
                    required to trade on the exchange should be evaluated separately (for example,
                    these interests are often additional financial instruments that are eligible for
                    trading and should be carried as inventory.)</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>