<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-ea62663f-aa8a-1211-17db-9fc5aa26a102" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Options on Securities</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.113" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.113</b> The books and
                    records required to be maintained by a general securities broker-dealer are also
                    required of an options clearing firm under SEC Rules 17a-3 and 17a-4. An order
                    ticket is required for each option transaction and should contain all relevant
                    information, including the type of account (customer, firm, or market maker);
                    whether the transaction is a put or call; whether it is a purchase or sale; the
                    underlying trading unit; the exercise price; the expiration date; the premium
                    per unit; and the purchasing and writing clearing members. In addition, the
                    clearing firm should maintain a separate P&amp;S blotter and a separate position
                    record for all option transactions for itself and its customers or market
                    makers.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.114" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.114</b> Every clearing
                    broker-dealer is required to furnish the following to its customers:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Confirmations of each trade showing whether it was a purchase or sale,
                            the underlying trading unit, the exercise price, the expiration month,
                            the number of option contracts, the premium, the commission, the trade
                            date, and the settlement date</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Monthly statements showing all purchases and sales during the month,
                            including all commissions, taxes, interest charges and any other special
                            charges, the ending market value of all long and short positions in the
                            account, and the general account equity</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.115" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.115</b> Listed option
                    trades settle on the next business day. OCC member broker-dealers are required
                    to reconcile all option money and positions on a daily basis. An OCC clearing
                    broker-dealer can exercise a long options contract by notification to the OCC.
                    Exercise notices are assigned by the OCC on a random basis to clearing member
                    firms and are effective the following day. Each assigned clearing member firm is
                    required to allocate assignment notices to proprietary, customer, and
                    market-maker short positions by using established set procedures. The allocation
                    of assignment notices should be either on a random-selection or an
                    exchange-approved method (usually first-in, first-out basis).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.116" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.116</b> The OCC issues
                    a daily position report that lists all option activity and ending positions for
                    all accounts carried by the OCC member broker-dealer and the net daily pay or
                    collect amount due to or from the OCC. The OCC also issues a margin report that
                    shows the OCC margin requirement on the aggregate short option positions and
                    exercised contracts for each account carried by the OCC member broker-dealer.
                    Required margin may be paid by cash, check, government securities, common stocks
                    with a market value as specified by the rules, or an irrevocable letter of
                    credit issued by an OCC-approved bank or trust company.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.117" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.117</b> All OCC member
                    broker-dealers that clear market-maker accounts or floor broker accounts are
                    required to issue an OCC-approved letter of guarantee and a letter of
                    authorization for floor brokers, and such letters are filed with the appropriate
                    exchange. A letter of guarantee provides that the issuing clearing member
                    accepts financial responsibility for all option market-maker transactions
                    guaranteed by the clearing broker-dealer. A letter of authorization provides
                    that the clearing broker-dealer accepts responsibility for the clearance of all
                    option trades by the floor broker.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.118" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.118</b> OCC member
                    broker-dealers clearing market-maker transactions are required to “haircut” (see
                    the <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd_glossary/aag-brd_glossary.dita#UUID-0041c01e-5bb9-2ff6-384e-c62c6f9a997b">glossary</xref> of this guide) the market-maker accounts as required by SEC
                    Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(X). Because the carrying broker-dealer guarantees the
                    market-maker account to the OCC, the carrying broker-dealer is required to
                    reduce its own net capital by the amount the market-maker's Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(X)
                    haircut charges exceed the equity in the account. In addition, SEC Rule 15c3-1
                    requires that the sum of all market-maker Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(X) haircut charges
                    not exceed 1,000% of the carrying broker-dealer's net capital (the 1,000% test)
                    for any period exceeding three business days. Noncompliance with the 1,000% test
                    requires regulatory and designated examining authority notification in addition
                    to prohibitions against withdrawal of equity and the reduction, prepayment, and
                    repayment of subordinated debt.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>