<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-de9f9ea0-e463-5b8d-cada-c7ed054b156d" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Supplementary Schedules</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.32" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.32</b> Certain
                supplementary schedules are required to be filed along with, and as of the same date
                as, the audited financial statements, when submitting the audited financial
                statements to certain regulators, such as the SEC. These supplementary schedules
                should be presented in the format that presents the relevant details required by
                applicable SEC rules (for example, Rule 17a-5). The independent public accountant's
                report is required to cover these schedules. See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../aag-brd/aag-brd6/aag-brd6_financial_statements_and_schedules/aag-brd6_financial_statements_and_schedules.dita#UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_UUID-c1b420e1-5f7a-64d9-dd15-ae46cbfe5889/UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6_exhibit_9">exhibit 6-9</xref> for illustrative examples of these supplementary schedules,
                as applicable.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-2f7e43da-e4c0-9b18-c5d7-1db140d3468c_aag-brd6.33" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">6.33</b> For the following
                supplementary schedules, a reconciliation is required if material differences exist
                between the computations reported on by the independent auditor and the computations
                filed previously by the broker-dealer in the original unaudited FOCUS report. If no
                material differences exist, a statement to that effect should be made in the
                schedule(s). However, it should be noted that as permitted under the "SEC Letter to
                New York Stock Exchange (NYSE)" dated April 24, 1987, if a broker-dealer files an
                amended FOCUS report that contains the reconciliation and explanation of material
                differences between the amended report and original report, the independent
                accountant’s report may be reconciled with the amended FOCUS report and would
                include a statement about whether any material differences exist between the amended
                FOCUS report and the audited financial statements. The date of the amended FOCUS
                filing must also be included.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>