<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-7e15cfa3-6737-4e58-ccf1-d95087ea250d" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">The Financial Markets</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.26" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.26</b> Financial markets
                comprise many types of participants, both domestic and foreign, in which securities
                are bought and sold. International financial markets continue to grow and gain
                sophistication. Many financial organizations are involved with international trading
                strategies to gain the advantages of the global marketplace, as well as different
                tax policies and trading activities. International trading markets vary depending on
                the country or community in which the market exists, and international settlement
                procedures vary depending on the exchange or local country rules. Some exchanges
                exhibit more sophisticated or faster trade and settlement characteristics than U.S.
                exchanges; others trade securities in a negotiated fashion with lengthy settlement
                periods.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.27" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.27</b> Financial markets
                can be categorized according to the kinds of instruments traded (such as futures,
                options, municipals, equities, and government and corporate debt). Financial markets
                have primary and secondary market operations. Primary markets provide for the
                original distribution of new securities. Secondary markets, which consist of
                exchanges and OTC markets, provide for the resale of securities. In addition, the
                characteristics of the securities traded may be used to categorize the financial
                markets. For example, the markets for U.S. Treasury bills, certificates of deposit,
                federal funds, bankers' acceptances, and commercial paper are commonly referred to
                as money markets. Money market securities <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="5" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-aag-brd1-fn5" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">On July 23, 2014, the SEC issued Final Rule Release No. 33-9616, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Money Market Fund Reform; Amendments to Form
                        PF</i>. The rules are aimed at reducing the potential for money
                        market fund “runs” by requiring funds that cater to large institutional
                        investors to abandon their fixed $1 per share price and to float in value
                        like other mutual funds. The rules also allow funds to restrict redemptions
                        during periods of market stress through gating features or penalties.
                        Readers should consult the full text of SEC Final Rule Release No. 33-9616,
                        which can be accessed on the Final Rules page at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="http://www.sec.gov">www.sec.gov</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd1_the_financial_markets.dita#UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-7e15cfa3-6737-4e58-ccf1-d95087ea250d/UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87-aag-brd1-fn5"/>
         </ph> generally have maturities of one year or less, have less credit risk
                than equivalent long-term securities, and trade in large denominations.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.28" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.28</b> Financial markets
                may also be characterized according to whether a party must find the counterparty
                and directly negotiate a trade or whether the counterparty is approached through an
                intermediary. The intermediary may be an agent who conducts a search for a
                counterparty (either an individual or institution) to buy or sell a particular
                security, may complete the transaction by trading with dealers who hold themselves
                out as willing to buy and sell (such as in OTC markets), or may transact directly
                against the orders of other potential counterparties by communicating through a
                single centralized location (exchange markets).</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>