<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_UUID-6e61e354-a9ae-6ac0-907d-a58fb8425d94" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Audit Considerations When Management Uses a Third-Party Pricing
                Source</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_aag-afi5.11" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.11</b> Management may make
                use of a third-party pricing source, such as a pricing service or broker, in valuing
                the entity’s financial instruments. Understanding how management uses the
                information and how the pricing service operates assists the auditor in determining
                the nature and extent of audit procedures needed.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_aag-afi5.12" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.12</b> AU-C section 500B,
                    <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Audit Evidence</i>, explains that when
                information to be used as audit evidence has been prepared using the work of
                management’s specialist, the requirement with respect to management’s specialist in
                paragraph .08 of AU-C section 500B applies. For example, an individual or
                organization may possess expertise in the application of models to estimate the fair
                value of securities for which no observable market exists. If the individual or
                organization applies that expertise in making an estimate that the entity uses in
                preparing its financial statements, the individual or organization is a management’s
                specialist, and paragraph .08 of AU-C section 500B applies. If, on the other hand,
                that individual or organization merely provides price data regarding private
                transactions not otherwise available to the entity that the entity uses in its own
                estimation methods, such information, if used as audit evidence, is subject to
                paragraph .07 of AU-C section 500B, but it is not the use of management’s specialist
                by the entity. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="6" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e-aag-afi5-fn6" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">See paragraph .A36 of AU-C section 500B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Audit
                            Evidence</i>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi5_audit_considerations_when_management.dita#UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_UUID-6e61e354-a9ae-6ac0-907d-a58fb8425d94/UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e-aag-afi5-fn6"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_aag-afi5.13" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.13</b> The following
                matters may be relevant when management uses a third-party pricing source:</p>
      <ul class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The type of third-party pricing source</i>.
                        Some third-party pricing sources make more information available about their
                        process. For example, a pricing service often provides information about its
                        methodology, assumptions, and data in valuing financial instruments at the
                        asset class level. By contrast, brokers often provide no, or only limited,
                        information about the inputs and assumptions used in developing the
                        quote.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The nature of inputs used and the complexity of
                            the valuation technique</i>. The reliability of prices from
                        third-party pricing sources varies depending on the observability of inputs
                        (and, accordingly, the level of inputs in the fair value hierarchy) and the
                        complexity of the methodology for valuing a specific security or asset
                        class. For example, the reliability of a price for an equity investment
                        actively traded in a liquid market is higher than that of a corporate bond
                        traded in a liquid market that has not traded on the measurement date,
                        which, in turn, is more reliable than that of an asset-backed security that
                        is valued using a discounted cash flow model.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The reputation and experience of the third-party
                            pricing source</i>. For example, a third-party pricing source may
                        be experienced in a certain type of financial instrument and be recognized
                        as such but may not be similarly experienced in other types of financial
                        instruments. The auditor’s past experience with the third-party pricing
                        source may also be relevant in this regard.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The objectivity of the third-party pricing
                            source</i>. For example, if a price obtained by management comes
                        from a counterparty, such as the broker who sold the financial instrument to
                        the entity, or an entity with a close relationship with the entity being
                        audited, the price may not be reliable.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The entity’s controls over the use of third-party
                            pricing sources</i>. The degree to which management has controls
                        in place to assess the reliability of information from third-party pricing
                        sources affects the reliability of the fair value measurement. For example,
                        management may have controls in place to</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">review and approve the use of the third-party pricing source,
                                including consideration of the reputation, experience, and
                                objectivity of the third-party pricing source.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">determine the completeness, relevance, and accuracy of the prices
                                and pricing-related data.</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The third-party pricing source’s
                            controls</i>. The controls and processes over valuations for the
                        asset classes are of interest to the auditor. For example, a third-party
                        pricing source may have strong controls around how prices are developed. In
                        addition, the third-party pricing source may include the use of a formalized
                        process for customers, both buy and sell side, to challenge the prices
                        received from the pricing service when supported by appropriate evidence.
                        This enables the third-party pricing source to constantly correct prices to
                        more fully reflect the information available to market participants.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_aag-afi5.14" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.14</b> Possible approaches
                to gathering evidence regarding information from third-party pricing sources may
                include the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">For Level 1 inputs, comparing the information from third-party pricing
                        sources with observable market prices</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reviewing disclosures provided by third-party pricing sources about their
                        controls and processes, valuation techniques, inputs, and assumptions</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Testing the controls that management has in place to assess the
                        reliability of information from third-party pricing sources</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Performing procedures at the third-party pricing source to understand and
                        test the controls and processes, valuation techniques, inputs, and
                        assumptions used for asset classes or specific financial instruments of
                        interest</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Evaluating whether the prices obtained from third-party pricing sources
                        are reasonable in relation to prices from other third-party pricing sources,
                        the entity’s estimate, or the auditor’s own estimate</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Evaluating the reasonableness of valuation techniques, inputs, and
                        assumptions</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Developing a point estimate or range for some financial instruments priced
                        by the third-party pricing source and evaluating whether the results are
                        within a reasonable range of each other</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Obtaining a service auditor’s report that covers the controls over
                        validation of the prices <ph class="- topic/ph ">
                  <fn callout="7" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e-aag-afi5-fn7" class="- topic/fn ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">Some pricing services may provide reports for users of its data to
                                explain their controls over pricing data (that is, a report prepared
                                in accordance with <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps/atc_attestation_standards_clarified/atc_section_300/atc_320/atc_320.dita#UUID-9b7e3aaf-ba38-0332-75d4-d287dc86c1c6">AT-C section 320</xref>, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Reporting on
                                    an Examination of Controls at a Service Organization Relevant to
                                    User Entities’ Internal Control Over Financial
                                    Reporting</i>. Management may request, and the auditor
                                may consider obtaining, such a report to develop an understanding of
                                how the pricing data is prepared and to evaluate whether the
                                controls at the pricing service can be relied upon. See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../aag-afi/aag-afi3/aag-afi3_determining_whether_the_service/aag-afi3_obtaining_an_understanding_of/aag-afi3_obtaining_an_understanding_of.dita#UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_UUID-85396219-6243-037c-227f-7b14497d88e7/UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.48">paragraphs 3.48–.53</xref> of this guide for additional
                                guidance. <unknown id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_N6617550039168" class="- topic/unknown ">AT-C Section 320</unknown>
                     </p>
                     <p class="- topic/p ">    All AT-C sections can be found in AICPA <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">
                           <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps.dita#UUID-31e5d376-7dc9-0bde-c2d8-e38aa3d16588">Professional Standards</xref>
                           <unknown id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_N661755003ab70" class="- topic/unknown ">AICPA Professional
                                        Standards</unknown>
                        </i>.</p>
                  </fn>
                  <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi5_audit_considerations_when_management.dita#UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_UUID-6e61e354-a9ae-6ac0-907d-a58fb8425d94/UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e-aag-afi5-fn7"/>
               </ph>
            </p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_aag-afi5.15" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.15</b> Obtaining prices
                from multiple third-party pricing sources may also provide useful information about
                measurement uncertainty. A wide range of prices may indicate higher measurement
                uncertainty and suggest that the financial instrument is sensitive to small changes
                in data and assumptions. A narrow range may indicate lower measurement uncertainty
                and suggest less sensitivity to changes in data and assumptions. Although obtaining
                prices from multiple sources may be useful, when considering financial instruments
                that have inputs categorized at Levels 2 or 3 of the fair value hierarchy, in
                particular, obtaining prices from multiple sources may not provide sufficient
                appropriate audit evidence on its own because</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">what appear to be multiple sources of pricing information may be utilizing
                        the same underlying pricing source.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">understanding the inputs used by the third-party pricing source in
                        determining the price may be necessary in order to categorize the financial
                        instrument in the fair value hierarchy.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-9c9d2fc6-de9e-07fe-6cf4-51903c91da0e_aag-afi5.16" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">5.16</b> In some situations,
                the auditor may be unable to gain an understanding of the process used to generate
                the price, including any controls over the process of how reliably the price is
                determined, or may not have access to the model, including the assumptions and other
                inputs used. In such cases, the auditor may decide to undertake to develop a point
                estimate or range to evaluate management’s point estimate in responding to the
                assessed risk.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>