<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-43406f38-e2ed-87d6-6c96-26ce4ae3b40c" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">SEC Rule 15c3-1, “Net Capital Requirements for Brokers or
                    Dealers”</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.42" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.42</b> SEC Rule 15c3-1,
                    “Net Capital Requirements for Brokers or Dealers,” was adopted under the 1934
                    Act to create a uniform capital requirement for all registered broker-dealers
                    and to ensure the liquidity of broker-dealers.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.43" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.43</b> The Net Capital
                    Rule requires broker-dealers to maintain minimum levels of liquid assets to
                    support the volume and risk exposures of the businesses in which they are
                    engaged. This is accomplished through the following mechanisms:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The broker-dealer’s regulatory capital (U.S. GAAP equity plus
                            qualified subordinated indebtedness and other potential add-backs, as
                            outlined in the rule) is reduced to give effect to the elements of
                            liquidity, market, credit, or operational risk inherent in the business
                            in which the broker-dealer currently is engaged.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The minimum capital the broker-dealer is required to maintain pursuant
                            to SEC Rule 15c3-1(a) is established on the basis of the greater of
                            either (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>) the amount of the
                            broker-dealer’s aggregate indebtedness (that is, the broker-dealer’s
                            obligations payable in cash, with limited exceptions) or (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>) the level of customer-related
                            receivables (aggregate debit items) computed pursuant to SEC Rule 15c3-3
                            (the alternative standard), and a minimum amount based on the
                            broker-dealer’s business activities. Pursuant to SEC Rule
                            15c3-1(a)(1)(ii), a broker-dealer may elect to be subject to the
                            alternative standard rather than the basic standard by notifying its
                            designated examining authority in writing.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">If the broker-dealer is also registered with the CFTC as an FCM or IB, it must
                    also always be in compliance with the CFTC regulations, specifically CFTC
                    Regulation 1.17(a)(1). Broker-dealers that are subject to both SEC and CFTC
                    minimum net capital requirements should always maintain net capital equal to the
                    greater of the two regulatory requirements. The CFTC adopted a risk-based
                    capital requirement for FCMs effective September 30, 2004, but the SEC has not
                    yet revised Rule 15c3-1(a)(1)(iii) to reference and reflect this change.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.44" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.44</b> In each case,
                    the level of capital is established to ensure that, in the event of liquidation,
                    the broker-dealer is maintaining sufficient capital for the payments of
                        (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>) its obligations to customers and
                    other broker-dealers and (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>) compensation to
                    employees retained to wind up the firm’s affairs.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.45" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.45</b> By monitoring
                    the maintenance of liquid assets in excess of the minimum requirements, the SEC
                    and relevant designated examining authority are in a position to take action to
                    protect customers prior to the time when the broker-dealer’s assets would be
                    insufficient to satisfy customers’ claims in the event of liquidation.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.46" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.46</b> A designated
                    examining authority utilizes the capital rules to provide an early warning of
                    any broker-dealer that may be at risk of not having sufficient capital to stay
                    in operation. Under those rules and various designated examining authority
                    regulations, broker-dealers should restrict the growth of their business if
                    their regulatory capital fails to meet certain minimums set by the designated
                    examining authority, reduce the size of current operations if capital falls to a
                    point below other minimums set by the designated examining authority, and
                    ultimately liquidate if the regulatory minimums are not met. Obviously, it is
                    the intent of the designated examining authority to identify potential problems
                    early and correct them.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.47" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.47</b> Although the
                    broker-dealer is required to maintain sufficient net capital at all times, the
                    SEC requires all registered broker-dealers to calculate net capital on a
                    periodic basis so that the designated examining authority and broker-dealer can
                    ensure that the broker-dealer has adequate liquid assets in the event of sudden
                    adverse business conditions and to maintain compliance with the rule at all
                    times. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Net capital</i> is the broker-dealer’s net
                    worth reduced by illiquid (nonallowable) assets, certain operational capital
                    charges, and potential adverse fluctuations in the value of securities inventory
                    (“haircuts”).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.48" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.48</b> There are two
                    main components to the net capital computation: determination of net capital (as
                    described in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd3/aag-brd3_explanation_of_significant_sec/aag-brd3_sec_rule_15c3_1/aag-brd3_sec_rule_15c3_1.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-43406f38-e2ed-87d6-6c96-26ce4ae3b40c/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.53">paragraphs 3.53–.54</xref> of this chapter) and comparison with aggregate
                    indebtedness or alternative percentage requirements.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.49" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.49</b> Under the
                    aggregate indebtedness standard, the broker-dealer’s net capital requirement is
                    equal to 6 ⅔% of its aggregate indebtedness. A broker-dealer is not permitted to
                    allow its aggregate indebtedness to exceed 15 times its net capital (or eight
                    times its net capital for 12 months after commencing business as a broker or
                    dealer). If the ratio of aggregate indebtedness to adjusted net capital exceeds
                    15 to 1, the broker-dealer is prohibited from engaging in any securities
                    transactions. If the ratio exceeds 12 to 1, the broker-dealer may be required to
                    reduce its business. If it exceeds 10 to 1, the broker-dealer may be prohibited
                    from expanding its business.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.50" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.50</b> As set forth in
                    SEC Rule 15c3-1, a broker-dealer may elect to compute its net capital
                    requirements under the alternative standard. Whereas the aggregate indebtedness
                    approach is a measure of the risk the broker-dealer imposes on its creditors
                    (the extent of its financial leverage), the alternative standard is a measure of
                    the credit risk exposure the broker-dealer has to its customers. The minimum net
                    capital percentage required under the alternative standard is the greater of
                    $250,000 or 2% of the aggregate customer debits carried by the broker-dealer and
                    includable in the customer reserve formula. Such debits result primarily from
                    customer margin transactions (that is, from customers borrowing from the
                    broker-dealer to purchase securities) or borrowed stock used to complete
                    customer short sales.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.51" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.51</b> The aggregate
                    indebtedness and alternative standards are one measure of a broker-dealer’s net
                    capital requirement; the other measure is the minimum net capital amount
                    required as a result of the broker-dealer’s securities activity. A
                    broker-dealer’s net capital requirement is the higher of the selected standard
                    or minimum level. For example, if a broker-dealer engages in proprietary trading
                        <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="20" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393031406402" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">On December 10, 2013, the SEC issued final rule BHCA-1, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Prohibitions and Restrictions on Proprietary Trading
                                and Certain Interests in, and Relationships with, Hedge Funds and
                                Private Equity Funds</i>, as mandated by Section 619 of the
                            Dodd-Frank Act (commonly referred to as the Volcker Rule). The rule
                            included guidance for banking entities related to proprietary trading;
                            acquiring or retaining any equity, partnership, or other ownership
                            interest in a hedge fund or private equity fund; and sponsoring a hedge
                            fund or private equity fund. Proprietary trading consists of
                            transactions made by an entity that affect the entity’s own account but
                            not the accounts of its clients. Note that the Volcker Rule contains an
                            exception for certain market making-related activities. On July 5, 2019,
                            SEC issued final release rule BHCA-6, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Revisions
                                to Prohibitions and Restrictions on Proprietary Trading and Certain
                                Interests in, and Relationships With, Hedge Funds and Private Equity
                                Funds</i>, adopting final rules to amend these regulations,
                            consistent with the statutory amendments made pursuant to certain
                            sections of the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer
                            Protection Act. The amendments and the final rules exclude from the
                            prohibitions and restrictions certain firms that have total consolidated
                            assets equal to $10 billion or less and total trading assets and
                            liabilities equal to 5% or less of total consolidated assets. The
                            release is available at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.sec.gov/rules/final/2013/bhca-1.pdf">https://www.sec.gov/rules/final/2013/bhca-1.pdf</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd3_sec_rule_15c3_1.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-43406f38-e2ed-87d6-6c96-26ce4ae3b40c/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393031406402"/>
         </ph> and selects the aggregate indebtedness standard, its net capital
                    requirement is the greater of 6 ⅔% of its aggregate indebtedness or
                    $100,000.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.52" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.52</b> Percentage
                    requirements also restrict the withdrawal of equity capital and the repayment of
                    subordinated obligations and the making of any unsecured advance or loan to a
                    stockholder, a partner, a sole proprietor, an employee, or an affiliate.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.53" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.53</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Computation of net capital</i>. The net capital of a
                    broker-dealer is equal to its net worth adjusted by certain additions and
                    deductions. The additions include the following:</p>
      <ul class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Certain liabilities approved by the examining authorities that have
                            been subordinated to the claims of general creditors. The extent to
                            which these liabilities may be included in capital is subject to
                            limitations. Standardized subordination, secured demand note, and
                            secured demand note collateral agreements are available from FINRA, and
                            all executed agreements must be approved by the broker-dealer’s
                            designated self-regulatory organization before they qualify for capital
                            purposes. A subordination agreement <ph class="- topic/ph ">
                  <fn callout="21" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393031578558" class="- topic/fn ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">For more information, see the specific requirements contained
                                    in the debt-equity requirements of SEC Rule 15c3-1 and appendix
                                    D of SEC Rule 15c3-1.</p>
                  </fn>
                  <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd3_sec_rule_15c3_1.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-43406f38-e2ed-87d6-6c96-26ce4ae3b40c/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393031578558"/>
               </ph> should meet the following requirements:</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Be written</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Have a minimum term of one year</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Be for a specific dollar amount</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Effectively subordinate the lender’s right to prior payment of
                                    all claims of present and future creditors</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Give the broker-dealer the right to deposit any cash proceeds
                                    in its own name in any bank, as well as the right to pledge or
                                    hypothecate securities without notice</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Include certain prepayment restrictions</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Suspend the repayment or maturity obligation if, after giving
                                    effect to the obligation, the aggregate indebtedness of the
                                    broker-dealer would exceed 1,200% of its net capital or its net
                                    capital would be less than 5% of aggregate debits if the
                                    alternative standard were used</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Certain discretionary liabilities, such as a noncontractual bonus
                            accrual that is not a fixed payable as of the computation date, is a
                            common type of discretionary liability that may, if certain criteria are
                            satisfied, be added back to net worth, net of any related tax
                            benefit.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Deferred income tax liabilities resulting from the recognition for tax
                            purposes of unrealized income or appreciation related to long inventory,
                            investment positions, or assets that are nonallowable for net capital;
                            deferred income tax liabilities related to intangible assets recognized
                            in a business acquisition and deferred income tax benefits resulting
                            from the recognition for tax purposes of unrealized losses or
                            depreciation related to long inventory or investment positions, but only
                            up to the extent of recognized income tax liabilities. Please see the
                            specific requirements contained in SEC Rule 15c3-1 and related
                            interpretations.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.54" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.54</b> Broker-dealers
                    are required to deduct items in the net capital computation to take into account
                    market and liquidity risks. The deductions are in the following basic
                    forms:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Nonallowable assets</i>. These are
                            recognized assets that do not meet liquidity tests or have been defined
                            as nonallowable by SEC Rule 15c3-1. In general, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">nonallowable assets</i> are assets not readily convertible
                            into cash. Examples of the most frequently encountered nonallowable
                            assets are fixed assets, securities not readily marketable (as defined
                            by Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vii)), unsecured receivables (certain receivables
                            are allowable for the first 30 days), deficits in customer accounts,
                            good-faith deposits, prepaid expenses, exchange memberships, and
                            intangibles. Broker-dealers that retain cash or securities at their
                            carrying broker-dealer should treat such assets as allowable unless the
                            account has been subordinated to the claims of creditors of the carrying
                            broker-dealer.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Other deductions and charges</i>. In
                            general, these items are operational in nature and may involve
                            off-balance sheet risk. These items include, for example, aged fails to
                            deliver, over- or under-collateralized secured lending positions, and
                            security count differences.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Haircuts on proprietary positions and
                                commitments</i>. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">“Haircuts”</i> are percentage deductions that are designed
                            to take into account market and portfolio risk exposures on proprietary
                            positions and commitments. They apply to marketable securities only. An
                            additional charge may also be required when the broker-dealer holds a
                            significant concentration in individual proprietary positions. An OTC
                            derivatives dealer who registers with the SEC under a limited regulatory
                            structure, as discussed in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd3/aag-brd3_otc_derivatives_dealers/aag-brd3_otc_derivatives_dealers.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-97c6b4d1-22de-59ec-ecb1-4d1022554230/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_para-idm53393063665660">paragraph 3.186</xref> of this chapter, may apply to the SEC for
                            authorization to compute capital charges for market and credit risk
                            pursuant to appendix F of SEC Rule 15c3-1 in lieu of computing
                            securities haircuts pursuant to Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(vi).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Temporary capital contributions</i>. If
                            a capital contribution is governed by an agreement that provides the
                            investor with the option to withdraw the capital or it is intended to be
                            withdrawn within a period of one year of its contribution, the amount
                            must be subtracted from net worth.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.55" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.55</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Computation of aggregate indebtedness</i>. SEC Rule
                    15c3-1 states that aggregate indebtedness consists of the total money
                    liabilities of a broker-dealer arising in connection with any transaction
                    whatsoever and includes, among other things, money borrowed, money payable
                    against securities loaned and securities failed to receive, the market value of
                    securities borrowed to the extent to which no equivalent value is paid or
                    credited, customers' and noncustomers' free credit balances, credit balances in
                    customers' and noncustomers' accounts having short positions in securities,
                    equities in customers' and noncustomers' future commodities accounts, and credit
                    balances in customers' and noncustomers' commodities accounts. There are a
                    number of specific exceptions, primarily related to circumstances in which the
                    liability is collateralized or offset by a related proprietary position.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.56" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.56</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Expense-sharing agreements</i>. Many broker-dealers
                    enter into what is generally referred to as an expense-sharing agreement with
                    their parent or an affiliated company. The parent or affiliate is usually not
                    registered as a broker-dealer and, accordingly, may not be a regulated entity.
                    In certain instances, a parent or an affiliate has established a broker-dealer
                    to conduct limited or specialized securities activities that are coincidental or
                    tangential to the operations of the parent or affiliate. In other instances, the
                    parent or affiliate will have limited operations and will conduct separate
                    financial activities using funds obtained from the broker-dealer’s operations.
                    In either case, the broker-dealer and parent or affiliate are likely to incur
                    common costs, such as rent, and, as a result, devise an arrangement to allocate
                    or assign direct or general (or both) overhead costs between them and specify
                    which party will settle the related obligations. Thus, such an arrangement will
                    deal with both cost recognition and payment responsibility.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.57" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.57</b> In
                    interpretations related to Rule 15c3-1, the SEC Division of Trading and Markets
                    staff have stated that, for the purpose of computing net capital, broker-dealers
                    are required to recognize expenses on their books and records in accordance with
                    accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP)
                    (that is, expenses need to be recognized as incurred and in amounts related to
                    the broker-dealer’s economic obligations). Because regulatory financial reports
                    submitted by broker-dealers seemed to indicate a number of deviations from this
                    standard, the Division of Trading and Markets staff issued an interpretative
                    letter on July 11, 2003, addressing situations when another party assumes
                    responsibility for payment of a broker-dealer’s expenses.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.58" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.58</b> The interpretive
                    letter is designed to provide guidance for broker-dealers, such that when
                    computing net capital, broker-dealers would reflect all costs for which they are
                    in any way obligated to pay either contractually or constructively; that is, the
                    broker-dealer serves as the immediate or ongoing source of funds for paying a
                    vendor or creditor, which has a contractual arrangement with the parent or
                    affiliate. Further, in the interpretive letter the Division of Trading and
                    Markets aims to proscribe cost assignment other than through the use of a
                    reasonable, consistently applied, and well-documented allocation process. The
                    interpretive letter presumes that if another party reflects in its financial
                    statements the costs of services or goods benefiting or consumed by the
                    broker-dealer, any amounts the broker-dealer remits to this party represent a
                    reimbursement of all or a portion of such costs and the broker-dealer must
                    reflect the remittance as a liability from the date that the “related” costs
                    were incurred. In October 2003, NASD published Notice to Members 03-63, which
                    provides additional guidance regarding the interpretive letter, discusses the
                    technical issues in greater detail, and includes related examples. (The
                    interpretive letter can be found at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="http://www.sec.gov/divisions/marketreg/mr-noaction/macchiaroli071103.pdf">www.sec.gov/divisions/marketreg/mr-noaction/macchiaroli071103.pdf</xref>,
                    and NASD Notice to Members 03-63 is available on FINRA’s website at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.finra.org/rules-guidance/notices/03-63">https://www.finra.org/rules-guidance/notices/03-63</xref>.)</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.59" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.59</b> In addition, the
                    financial responsibility rules further address issues related to certain
                    liabilities or expenses assumed by third parties and codified such requirements
                    into SEC Rule 15c3-1. Specifically, an expense of the broker-dealer assumed by a
                    third party will be considered a liability for net capital purposes unless the
                    broker-dealer can demonstrate that the third party has adequate resources
                    independent of the broker-dealer to pay the liability or expense. Broker-dealers
                    can continue to rely on guidance provided through the NASD Notice to Members
                    03-63 in complying with the financial responsibility rules.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.60" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.60</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Service arrangement with a parent or an affiliate.</i>
                    Any payment made by a broker-dealer, directly or indirectly to its parent or an
                    affiliate, in connection with an arrangement whereby the parent or affiliate
                    provides services to the broker-dealer shall be considered a capital withdrawal,
                    unless the broker-dealer can demonstrate certain conditions are met, including
                    the arrangement is in writing with the costs determined on a reasonable and
                    consistent basis, the services are related to the broker-dealer’s business, the
                    parent or affiliate has the ability to provide such services, and the parent or
                    affiliate provided the services. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="22" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393032184350" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">For more information, see SEA Rule 15c3-1(c)(2)(i)(G)/01, and <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.finra.org/rules-guidance/notices/21-27">Regulatory Notice 21-27</xref> at www.finra.org.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd3_sec_rule_15c3_1.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-43406f38-e2ed-87d6-6c96-26ce4ae3b40c/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393032184350"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_aag-brd3.61" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.61</b> In conjunction
                    with its annual year-end reporting, a broker-dealer that does not make a claim
                    of exemption from SEC Rule 15c3-3 throughout the most recent fiscal year is
                    required to make certain assertions, in a compliance report, regarding Internal
                    Controls Over Compliance and specific compliance with the Net Capital
                    Requirements for Brokers or Dealers Rule. The auditor is required to perform an
                    examination of the assertions in the compliance report, following PCAOB
                    standards, and issue a report based on that examination. See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd3/aag-brd3_filings_concurrent_with_the/aag-brd3_compliance_or_exemption_report/aag-brd3_compliance_or_exemption_report.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-ccbd6894-6572-12b2-66b9-709b7a0d3cb1/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_para-idm53393056658188">paragraph 3.156</xref> for further discussion. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="23" id="UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393032380794" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd3/aag-brd3_explanation_of_significant_sec/aag-brd3_sec_rule_15c3_3/aag-brd3_sec_rule_15c3_3.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-b5c58588-b709-5b1b-cf14-a498013dbcf4/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393028170972">footnote 14</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd3_sec_rule_15c3_1.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2_UUID-43406f38-e2ed-87d6-6c96-26ce4ae3b40c/UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2-footnote-idm53393032380794"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>