<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-9a37c327-23c6-ee28-1061-626a2ebc6339" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Investment Bankers</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.09" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.09</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Investment bankers</i> are broker-dealers who assist in
                    bringing new securities to the investing public. The three major functions of
                    investment bankers are origination, underwriting, and distribution. New
                    securities are created during origination, bought by investment bankers during
                    underwriting, and sold to investors during the distribution phase. Investment
                    banking revenues are derived principally from fees for services and price
                    spreads from underwriting securities issues.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.10" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.10</b> Because new
                    security issuances are complex, many security issuers look to the investment
                    banker for investment advice, information, and assistance. Issuers depend
                    heavily on investment bankers who are financial market specialists to create
                    securities that meet most of the issuers' needs and, simultaneously, are
                    acceptable to investors. For a new issue, the investment banker commonly does
                    the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Advises the issuer on the kind of security, timing of the issuance,
                            pricing, and specific terms that are most acceptable during current
                            financial market conditions</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Prepares and assists in filing a registration statement with the
                            SEC</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Facilitates the investor roadshow to market the issuance</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Arranges for the efficient distribution of the new issue</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Arranges for a number of operational requirements such as trustees,
                            security indentures, and safekeeping</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.11" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.11</b> Investment
                    banking firms often buy (or underwrite) a new issue or guarantee its sale at a
                    specified price. If the securities are not sold to investors at the offering
                    price, the investment banker may be required to buy the securities for its own
                    account and be subject to market risk until the investment banker is able to
                    distribute or sell the shares to the secondary market. To sell the issue
                    quickly, a syndicate of many firms is often formed for each issue, and the
                    securities are distributed through a large network, reaching many potential
                    investors. Historically, large syndicates, comprising many firms, were formed to
                    create networks for selling issues quickly. Although this process continues for
                    initial public offerings of equity securities, the advent of the shelf
                    registration process for certain debt securities has increased the speed with
                    which these issues are brought to market. As a result, the underwriters that
                    usually make up the underwriting group for distributing these securities are
                    fewer and have larger capital bases.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.12" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.12</b> Investment
                    bankers also provide advice to institutions on sales, divestitures, mergers,
                    acquisitions, tender offers, privatizations, restructurings, spin-offs, and
                    joint ventures. Investment bankers earn fees for providing these services which
                    are typically contingent upon the closing of a transaction.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.13" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.13</b> The Jumpstart
                    Our Business Startups Act (JOBS Act) was enacted on April 5, 2012, with the
                    purpose of stimulating the growth of small to midsized companies by making it
                    easier for start-up and emerging growth companies to raise capital, by easing
                    various securities regulations, and to meet regulatory reporting requirements,
                    including extending the amount of time that certain new public companies have to
                    begin complying with certain requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
                    Specifically, Section 401 of the JOBS Act adopted amendments to Regulation A
                    which provides an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities
                    Act of 1933 (the 1933 Act) offerings of up to $50 million of securities
                    annually. See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd3/aag-brd3.dita#UUID-964e7813-9035-febd-90cd-e31e27dbb2b2">chapter 3</xref>, “Regulatory Considerations,” for additional
                    information.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.14" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.14</b> In recent years,
                    the equity underwriting market has experienced fewer issuances because many
                    start-up companies receive multiple rounds of funding prior to a public
                    offering. There are fewer public companies today compared to the last several
                    decades which is largely due to costs associated with regulatory compliance,
                    market volatility, the availability of cheaper funding alternatives, and complex
                    reporting requirements.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>