<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-b3d08003-baaa-6075-2851-0becc8ab545e" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Risk Assessment</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.10" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.10</b> A broker-dealer's
                risk assessment for financial reporting purposes is its identification, analysis,
                and management of risks relevant to the preparation of financial statements that are
                fairly presented in conformity with GAAP. For example, risk assessment may address
                how the broker-dealer considers the possibility of unrecorded transactions or
                identifies and analyzes significant estimates recorded in the financial statements.
                Risks relevant to reliable financial reporting also relate to specific events or
                transactions. Risks relevant to financial reporting include external and internal
                events and circumstances that may occur and adversely affect a broker-dealer's
                ability to initiate, authorize, record, process, and report financial data
                consistent with the assertions of management in the financial statements. The
                purpose of a broker-dealer's risk assessment is to identify, analyze, and manage
                risks that affect the broker-dealer's objectives. The principles of risk assessment
                are as follows:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The organization specifies objectives with sufficient clarity to enable
                        the identification and assessment of risks relating to objectives.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The organization identifies risks to the achievement of its objectives
                        across the entity and analyzes risks as a basis for determining how the
                        risks should be managed.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The organization considers the potential for fraud in assessing risks to
                        the achievement of objectives.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The organization identifies and assesses changes that could significantly
                        affect the system of internal control.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.11" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.11</b> Once risks are
                identified, management considers their significance and the likelihood of their
                occurrence and decides upon actions to manage them. Management may initiate plans,
                programs, or actions to address specific risks, or they may decide to accept a risk
                because of cost or other considerations. Risks can arise or change due to
                circumstances such as the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Changes in operating environment</i>.
                        Changes in the operating environment can result in changes in competitive
                        pressures and significantly different risks.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Changes in regulatory environment</i>.
                        Changes to regulations around net capital, protection of customer assets,
                        and financial reporting requirements can create new risks related to
                        internal control over financial reporting and regulatory compliance.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">New personnel</i>. New personnel may have a
                        different focus on or understanding of internal control.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">New or revamped information systems</i>.
                        Significant and rapid changes in information systems can change the risk
                        relating to internal control.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Rapid growth</i>. Significant and rapid
                        expansion of operations can strain controls and increase the risk of a
                        breakdown in controls.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">New technology</i>. Incorporating new
                        technologies into operating processes or information systems may change the
                        risk associated with internal control.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">New business models, products, or
                            activities</i>. Entering into business areas or transactions with
                        which a broker-dealer has little experience may introduce new risks
                        associated with internal control.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Corporate restructurings</i>.
                        Restructurings may be accompanied by staff reductions and changes in
                        supervision and segregation of duties that may change the risk associated
                        with internal control.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Expanded foreign operations</i>. The
                        expansion or acquisition of foreign operations carries new and often unique
                        risks that may affect internal control (for example, additional or changed
                        risks from foreign currency transactions).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">New accounting pronouncements</i>. Adoption
                        of new accounting principles or changing accounting principles may affect
                        risks in preparing financial statements and related disclosures.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Changes in economic conditions</i>. Changes
                        in economic conditions can increase the risk of manipulation of earnings and
                        inappropriate management override of internal control.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.12" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.12</b> Broker-dealers also
                devote a significant amount of time and resources toward the identification,
                quantification, analysis, and control of risk. A broker-dealer's control and
                monitoring activities are concerned with mitigating business risks and exposures.
                Risk refers to the likelihood that a loss might occur, whereas exposure refers to an
                amount (or other element) at risk. The decision to incur business risk rests with
                the broker-dealer's management. The following is an overview of the major risks and
                exposures facing a broker-dealer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.13" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.13</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Operational risk</i>. Operational risk arises in processing
                broker-dealer transactions. Exposure can be created by a failure to either process
                transactions properly or safeguard securities adequately. If operational risk is
                properly managed, other risks will be mitigated. In viewing operational exposure, it
                is important to look at the broad exposure within particular accounts, such as
                suspense accounts, difference accounts, reconciling items (for any accounts), and
                aged transfers and fails. For instance, within a particular suspense account, the
                exposure is frequently not the net balance in the account. A more accurate view of
                exposure is to identify debit-only items (no related security positions),
                short-fair-value-only items (no related money balance), debit money with long fair
                value, and credit money with short fair value. By viewing each of those items
                separately, it is easier to understand the total exposure. Broker-dealers should
                consider breaks and differences affecting the general ledger and stock record, when
                applicable, given the impact of each source to financial reporting and
                compliance.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.14" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.14</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Credit risk</i>. Credit risk refers to potential losses
                arising from the failure of another party to perform according to the terms of a
                contract (counterparty default). Credit risk can be customer- or broker-related or
                related to financial instrument inventory. The exposure to the broker-dealer is for
                the amount of extended credit that is not fully collateralized. Therefore, obtaining
                adequate collateral from the counterparty could help minimize credit risk. An
                extension of credit can result in any of the following transactions: margin
                transactions, cash transactions prior to settlement, stock borrows and resale
                agreements, swaps, futures, forwards, options, and similar items. Broker-dealers
                will usually have credit committees that set limits for total credit lines,
                exposure, and collateral requirements for any particular counterparty.
                Broker-dealers with over $20 million in capital or $1 million of customer credit
                items must have formally documented policies, procedures, or controls over credit
                risk.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.15" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.15</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Market risk</i>. Market risk refers to potential losses
                from fluctuations in market prices that may make a financial instrument less
                valuable or more onerous. A change in market price may occur (for example, for
                interest-bearing financial instruments) because of changes in general interest rates
                (interest rate risk), changes in the relationship between general and specific
                market interest rates (an aspect of credit risk), or changes in the rates of
                exchange between currencies (foreign exchange risk). Broker-dealers may have risk
                committees that establish trading limits in order to manage market risk.
                Broker-dealers with more than $20 million in capital or $1 million of customer
                credit items must have formally documented policies, procedures, or controls over
                market risk.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.16" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.16</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Litigation risk</i>. Litigation risk refers to the risk of
                losses resulting from lawsuits and the cost of defending against such claims.
                Lawsuits can arise from the various aspects of the broker-dealer's business. Areas
                of particular concern include underwriting activities, employment matters, and the
                maintenance of customer accounts. Broker-dealers can help mitigate litigation risk
                in many ways, including the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Establishing policies regarding a code of professional conduct, the
                        employer's responsibilities, and due diligence and establishing a system to
                        monitor compliance with such policies</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Establishing a compliance function to review the activities of the sales
                        departments and branch office operations</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.17" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.17</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Regulatory risk</i>. Regulatory risk refers to potential
                losses that might arise for failing to comply with applicable statutes, regulations,
                and rules. Broker-dealers operate in a highly regulated industry that requires close
                attention to compliance matters. Not only may such matters affect a broker-dealer's
                reputation and growth, but noncompliance may also lead to fines, limitation on
                activities the broker-dealer is allowed to carry out, or even the suspension or
                revocation of the broker-dealer's registration.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.18" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.18</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Liquidity and funding risk</i>. Liquidity and funding risk
                refers to a broker-dealer’s ability to secure funding to satisfy its settlement or
                other obligations. Market and other factors may affect the broker-dealer’s ability
                to secure funding to satisfy its obligations. Understanding and evaluating this
                issue, especially in a highly competitive or unstable market, is important in
                assessing the going-concern assumption. Broker-dealers with over $20 million in
                capital or $1 million of customer credit items must have formally documented
                policies, procedures, or controls over liquidity risk.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>