<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-c21aa55d-08a7-a021-d2f0-84849ad1f3ed" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Stock Record</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.08" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.08</b> The <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">stock record</i> is a double-entry accounting system
                    for shares of stock, option contracts, or principal amounts of debt by security
                    issue. It is a record of accountability reflecting all securities for which the
                    firm has custodial responsibility or proprietary ownership. The stock record
                    should balance the way a general ledger balances: debits and credits are equal
                    in the general ledger; likewise, long positions and short positions should equal
                    in the stock record. See the "<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd2/aag-brd2_illustrative_stock_record_entries/aag-brd2_illustrative_stock_record_entries.dita#UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-2c6d294f-3e40-6867-7bc9-256e370a6694">Illustrative Stock Record Entries</xref>" section of this chapter, which
                    shows how transactions are recorded in the stock record.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.09" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.09</b> A long position
                    in the stock record indicates ownership of the security or the right of
                    possession. The most common positions on the long side of the stock record are
                    the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Customer (securities owned by customer)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Firm (securities held in inventory for the broker-dealer's own account
                            and risk)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Reverse repurchase agreements (also known as resale agreements or
                            reverse repos)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Fail-to-deliver (securities sold to or through another broker-dealer
                            but not delivered)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Securities borrowed from another broker-dealer or customer</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.10" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.10</b> A short position
                    in the stock record indicates either the location of the securities or the
                    responsibility of other parties to deliver them to the broker-dealer. Every
                    security owned or held by the broker-dealer should be accounted for by its
                    location. The following list includes the most common short positions:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Box</i>. Securities are physically
                            located at the broker-dealer's own location, typically in the cashier's
                            cage.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Vault</i>. Securities are physically
                            located at the broker-dealer's own location in a secured area or a bank
                            safe deposit box.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Depositories</i>. Securities are on
                            deposit at a depository, such as the DTC (a subsidiary of the DTCC), or
                            a custodian bank.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Transfer</i>. Securities are at a
                            transfer agent being reregistered.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Fail-to-receive</i>. The broker-dealer
                            has purchased securities that have not yet been received.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Securities loaned</i>. Securities have
                            been loaned to another broker-dealer.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Customer short</i>. A customer sold
                            securities, but delivery has not yet been made.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Firm short</i>. The broker-dealer sold
                            a security it does not own.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Repurchase agreements</i> (repos).
                            Securities are sold with an agreement to purchase the securities at a
                            specified price at a future date.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Bank loan</i>. Securities are held on
                            deposit at a bank and pledged as collateral for a loan.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.11" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.11</b> The stock record
                    lists securities by security number, normally by Committee on Uniform Security
                    Identification Procedures (or CUSIP) number or International Securities
                    Identification Number (ISIN), and, for each securities position, the accounts
                    that are long or short in terms of shares (for stocks and mutual funds);
                    principal amounts (for bonds, treasuries, and other debt securities); or number
                    of contracts (for options). A stock record summary indicating all account
                    positions in the security and an activity list indicating daily changes in the
                    stock record are tabulated daily by the broker-dealer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.12" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.12</b> The chart of
                    accounts is the key to reading and understanding the stock record because
                    transactions are recorded by account numbers and quantities. Many accounts can
                    have both securities positions and related money balances. However, certain
                    accounts (such as box, vault, transfer, and depository locations) have only
                    security positions without related money balances.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>