<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_UUID-7073c93e-1be5-d0d9-df49-17c4472fc1fc" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Assessing the Risks of Material Misstatement</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.01" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.01</b> The auditor’s
                assessment of the identified risks at the assertion level in accordance with AU-C
                section 315B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Understanding the Entity and Its Environment
                    and Assessing the Risks of Material Misstatement</i>, includes evaluating
                the design and implementation of internal control. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="2" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a-aag-afi4-fn2" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Each AU-C section in this guide designated with a “B” suffix (for example,
                        “AU-C section 200B”) denotes content that does not reflect the codification
                        of Statement on Auditing Standards (SAS) Nos. 134–140 or the amendments to
                        other SASs made by SAS Nos. 134–140 and subsequently issued SASs.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi4_assessing_the_risks_of.dita#UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_UUID-7073c93e-1be5-d0d9-df49-17c4472fc1fc/UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a-aag-afi4-fn2"/>
         </ph> It provides a basis for considering the appropriate audit approach for
                designing and performing further audit procedures in accordance with AU-C section
                330B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Performing Audit Procedures in Response to Assessed
                    Risks and Evaluating the Audit Evidence Obtained</i>, including both
                substantive procedures and tests of controls. The approach taken is influenced by
                the auditor’s understanding of internal control relevant to the audit, including the
                strength of the control environment and any risk management function, the size and
                complexity of the entity’s operations, and whether the auditor’s assessment of the
                risks of material misstatement include an expectation that controls are operating
                effectively.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.02" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.02</b> The auditor’s
                assessment of the risk of material misstatement at the assertion level may change
                during the course of the audit as additional information is obtained. Remaining
                alert during the audit (for example, when inspecting records or documents) may
                assist the auditor in identifying arrangements or other information that may
                indicate the existence of financial instruments that management has not previously
                identified or disclosed to the auditor. Such records and documents may include, for
                example</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">minutes of meetings of those charged with governance.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">specific invoices from, and correspondence with, the entity’s professional
                        advisers.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>