<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_UUID-cab8a85a-0a09-e1e5-aafe-93d8255e64fb" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Other Procedures</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.33" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.33</b> Other
                        procedures that may provide audit evidence to support the completeness,
                        accuracy, and existence assertions include</p>
      <ul class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">external confirmation of bank accounts, trades, and custodian
                                statements. This can be done by direct confirmation with the
                                counterparty (including the use of bank confirmations) in which a
                                reply is sent to the auditor directly. Alternatively, this
                                information may be obtained from the counterparty’s systems through
                                a data feed. When this is done, controls to prevent tampering with
                                the computer systems through which the information is transmitted
                                may be considered by the auditor in evaluating the reliability of
                                the evidence from the confirmation. If confirmations are not
                                received, the auditor may be able to obtain evidence by reviewing
                                contracts and testing relevant controls. However, external
                                confirmations often do not provide adequate audit evidence with
                                respect to the valuation assertion, though they may assist in
                                identifying any side agreements.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">reviewing reconciliations of statements or data feeds from
                                custodians with the entity’s own records. This may necessitate
                                evaluating IT controls around and within automated reconciliation
                                processes and evaluating whether reconciling items are properly
                                understood and resolved.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">reviewing journal entries and the controls over the recording of
                                such entries. This may assist in, for example,</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">determining if entries have been made by employees other
                                        than those authorized to do so.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">identifying unusual or inappropriate end-of-period journal
                                        entries that may be relevant to fraud risk.</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">reading individual contracts and reviewing supporting
                                documentation of the entity’s financial instrument transactions,
                                including accounting records, thereby verifying existence and rights
                                and obligations. For example, an auditor may read individual
                                contracts associated with financial instruments and review
                                supporting documentation, including the accounting entries made when
                                the contract was initially recorded, and may also subsequently
                                review accounting entries made for valuation purposes. Doing so
                                allows the auditor to evaluate whether the complexities inherent in
                                a transaction have been fully identified and reflected in the
                                accounts. Legal arrangements and their associated risks need to be
                                considered by those with suitable expertise to ensure that rights
                                exist.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">performing tests of controls to obtain sufficient appropriate
                                audit evidence about the operating effectiveness of relevant
                                controls.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">reviewing the entity’s complaints’ management systems. Unrecorded
                                transactions may result in the entity’s failure to make a cash
                                payment to a counterparty and may be detected by reviewing
                                complaints received.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">reviewing master netting arrangements to identify unrecorded
                                instruments.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-a7c0fece-7c16-a46d-8615-e5009fdbd44a_aag-afi4.34" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.34</b> These
                        procedures are particularly important for some financial instruments, such
                        as derivatives or guarantees, because they may not have a large initial
                        investment, meaning it may be hard to identify their existence. For example,
                        embedded derivatives are often contained in contracts for nonfinancial
                        instruments that may not be included in confirmation procedures.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>