<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-2cf74176-5933-5a5b-56bb-e91ca8da530e" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Customer Trades</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.19" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.19</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Sales</i>. The manner in which trades are initiated
                    varies with the type of broker-dealer (that is, full service or discount and
                    online brokerage). The customers of full-service broker-dealers usually have a
                    designated registered representative or salesperson with whom they place buy or
                    sell orders for securities. The registered representative normally resides at
                    one of the broker-dealer's branch offices that are established to serve a
                    strategic geographical area. Buy and sell orders may be based on the registered
                    representative's recommendations (solicited) or may be initiated by the
                    customers (unsolicited). Orders may also be entered by the broker-dealer
                    pursuant to discretionary powers granted by the customer. In any case, the
                    registered representative is responsible for routing an order to the proper
                    operational department so that the order can be executed and processed. For
                    discount and online broker-dealers, orders are generally unsolicited and, in
                    many cases, have been automated to the point that the customer places the order
                    directly into the broker-dealer's system through a smartphone or tablet
                    application, personal access code, or unique username and security
                    passcode.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.20" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.20</b> Before
                    initiating an order, the customer determines the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The security</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The trading action to be initiated (buy, sell long, or sell
                            short)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The number of shares or units to be traded</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The type of order</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The price of the transaction</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The disposition of securities purchased or sold</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The method of payment (cash or margin)</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Other incidental information, such as selling against a prior
                            purchase</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.21" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.21</b> A customer may
                    place many types of orders; the most common are the market order and the limit
                    order. A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">market order</i> is an order to buy or
                    sell a stated amount of a security at the most advantageous price obtainable
                    after the order is received on the exchange floor or in the trading area. A
                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">limit order</i> is an order to buy or sell a
                    stated amount of a security at a specified price or at a better price if
                    obtainable after the order is received on the exchange floor or in the trading
                    area.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.22" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.22</b> Exchange trading
                    is normally done in round lots (usually 100 shares), and a bid and offer on a
                    security is usually made for the minimum unit of trading. A customer may accept
                    a partial execution, in units of trading, unless the order is marked “all or
                    none” (AON) or “fill or kill” (FOK). A customer's order to buy or sell is
                    generally transacted as soon as possible after its receipt on the exchange floor
                    or in the broker-dealer's trading area. An order is considered valid only for
                    the day of the order; however, a customer can enter an order as good ’til
                    canceled (GTC) or an open order, which is valid for longer than 1 day until
                    either executed or canceled. The customer can cancel a GTC order if no action
                    has been taken before the cancellation is received. Customers may enter
                    good-through-the-week and good-through-the-month orders for bonds.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.23" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.23</b> Customer orders
                    may also be executed by brokers away from an exchange through an electronic
                    communication network (ECN). Institutional customers can execute directly with
                    the ECN. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">ECN</i> is the term used for a type of
                    computer system that facilitates trading of financial products outside of stock
                    exchanges. The primary products that are traded on ECNs are stocks and
                    currencies. ECNs came into existence in 1998 when the SEC authorized their
                    creation. ECNs increase competition among trading firms by lowering transaction
                    costs, giving clients full access to their order books, and offering order
                    matching outside of traditional exchange hours. In order to trade with an ECN,
                    one must be a subscriber or have an account with a broker that provides direct
                    access trading. ECN subscribers can enter orders into the ECN via a custom
                    computer terminal or network protocols. The ECN will then match contra-side
                    orders (that is, a sell order is contra-side to a buy order with the same price
                    and share count) for execution. The ECN will post unmatched orders on the system
                    for other subscribers to view. Generally, the buyer and seller are anonymous,
                    with the trade execution reports listing the ECN as the party.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.24" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.24</b> When a customer
                    places an order, an order ticket is completed. The ticket includes the
                    following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The security description</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The quantity to buy or sell</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The desired price, if specified</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The type of order</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The customer's name and account number</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">For sell orders, whether the position is long or short</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.25" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.25</b> The <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">order ticket</i> is the broker-dealer's record of the
                    customer's instructions. SEC Rule 17a-3 states that broker-dealers should
                    maintain a record of each brokerage order given or received for the purchase or
                    sale of securities, regardless of whether the order is executed. The record
                    should show the terms and conditions of the order and any modification or
                    cancellation. The order should indicate the customer account for which the order
                    is entered; the time of entry; the execution price; and, if feasible, the time
                    of execution or cancellation. Orders entered by the broker-dealer pursuant to
                    discretionary powers should be designated as discretionary transactions. SEC
                    Rule 17a-3 outlines the information to be recorded on order tickets. A brokerage
                    order ticket should contain the identity of the associated person, if any,
                    responsible for the account and any other person who entered or accepted the
                    order on behalf of the customer and whether it was entered subject to
                    discretionary authority. The brokerage order ticket should also include the time
                    the broker-dealer received the customer order. Dealer tickets should include
                    information about any modifications to the order.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.26" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.26</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Order entry</i>. The completed order ticket is entered
                    into the system, which accepts and reviews the ticket and relays the customer's
                    instructions to the exchange floor or trading desk where it is to be executed.
                    The exchanges have developed systems whereby an order is routed to an automated
                    order matching system depending on its size or price restriction. In addition,
                    some firms have developed internal order matching systems. Once the order has
                    been executed, the transaction is confirmed with the customer. Information
                    concerning executed trades is sent to the purchase and sales (P&amp;S)
                    department, which is responsible for ensuring that system-generated trade
                    confirmations are correct and sent to customers.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.27" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.27</b> Orders for
                    over-the-counter (OTC) securities and certain listed securities are generally
                    processed by the trading desk. The trader can either buy or sell the security
                    from the firm's inventory (principal) or can buy from, or sell to, another
                    dealer for the account of the customer (agent). If the trader buys for, or sells
                    from, its own inventory, the price to the customer reflects a dealer spread in
                    lieu of a commission. Alternatively, a trader may initiate an order on the
                    firm's behalf for the benefit of a customer by negotiating the terms with
                    another broker-dealer. This entails agreeing on the price and terms of the trade
                    and executing the transaction, for which the customer is charged a
                    commission.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.28" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.28</b> SEC Rule 17a-3
                    states that broker-dealers should maintain records of each purchase and sale of
                    securities, showing the price and, to the extent possible, time of execution, as
                    well as copies of confirmations of all purchases and sales of securities.
                    Records of dealers' quotations or bids or offers made in the course of trading
                    are not required by the rule. Discretionary authority must be marked on the
                    order ticket if the firm is exercising discretionary authority for the benefit
                    of a customer that is not a broker-dealer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.29" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.29</b> An executed
                    trades report containing the terms of the executed orders is generated daily to
                    facilitate further processing. Executed trades reflecting the purchase or sale
                    of securities are recorded on a blotter, but they are generally not posted to
                    the firm's general ledger and stock record until the settlement date. Instead,
                    they are held in a pending file and posted on a memo basis to margin records and
                    a bookkeeping journal. Additionally, to bring better price transparency to the
                    fixed-income securities market, the Trade Reporting and Compliance Engine
                    (TRACE) was developed by FINRA to facilitate the mandatory reporting of OTC
                    secondary market transactions in eligible fixed-income securities. All
                    broker-dealers who are FINRA member firms have an obligation to report
                    transactions in U.S. dollar-denominated corporate bonds, agency debt securities,
                        <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="4" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4-aag-brd2-fn4" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Agency means a U.S. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">executive
                                agency</i> as defined in 5 USC 105 that is authorized to
                            issue debt directly or through a related entity (such as a government
                            corporation) or to guarantee the repayment of principal and/or interest
                            of a debt security issued by another entity. The term excludes the U.S.
                            Department of the Treasury (Treasury) in the exercise of its authority
                            to issue U.S. Treasury Securities.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd2_customer_trades.dita#UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-2cf74176-5933-5a5b-56bb-e91ca8da530e/UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4-aag-brd2-fn4"/>
         </ph> government-sponsored enterprise <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="5" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4-aag-brd2-fn5" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Government-sponsored enterprise has the same meaning as defined in 2
                            USC 622(8).</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd2_customer_trades.dita#UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-2cf74176-5933-5a5b-56bb-e91ca8da530e/UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4-aag-brd2-fn5"/>
         </ph> debt securities, and U.S. Treasury securities to TRACE under an SEC
                    approved set of rules. The current reporting time frame of eligible fixed-income
                    securities transactions is 15 minutes from execution. Additionally, in
                    accordance with FINRA Regulatory Notice 13-19, firms are required to report OTC
                    transactions in equity securities to FINRA as soon as practicable, but no later
                    than 10 seconds following execution. FINRA believes firms should automate their
                    trade processing to the greatest extent possible to provide timely trade
                    information to facilitate best execution for customers.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.30" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.30</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Customer records</i>. SEC Rule 17a-3 states that
                    broker-dealers should maintain a ledger account or other record for each cash
                    and margin account of every customer and of such broker-dealer (including
                    partners thereof), regardless of the frequency of transactions. Transactions in
                    the customer accounts cover both money balances and security positions, with the
                    security transaction and related money generally recorded on the settlement
                    date. Customer accounts should include itemization of the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">All purchases and sales</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Securities or commodities received in or delivered out</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Cash receipts and disbursements</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Dividends and interest received or charged</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Other debits and credits</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">SEC Rule 17a-3(a)(17) states that broker-dealers should create a customer
                    account record with certain minimum information about each customer. In
                    addition, broker-dealers should furnish account record information to customers
                    on a periodic basis and provide records to regulators when requested.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.31" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.31</b> A customer may
                    have several different accounts. Cash and margin accounts, which are the most
                    common accounts, require distinction because they are subject to different rules
                    under <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.fdic.gov/regulations/laws/rules/7500-1700.html">Regulation T</xref> of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors of the
                    Federal Reserve System and the regulations of various self-regulatory
                    organizations.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.32" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.32</b> A cash account
                    requires a customer to purchase or sell securities strictly on a cash basis.
                    Cash account purchases are limited by Regulation T to purchases for which
                    sufficient funds are held in the account or in reliance on an agreement that the
                    customer will promptly make full cash payment for the security before selling
                    the security and that the customer does not contemplate selling the security to
                    make such payment. Cash account sales are similarly limited to sales for which
                    the security is held in the account or in reliance on an agreement that the
                    customer owns the security and will make prompt delivery.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.33" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.33</b> Under Regulation
                    T, no credit may be extended to a customer with a cash account except for short
                    periods of time between the time an order is executed and the time payment is
                    received from the customer. Full cash payment normally should be made within
                    five business days after the date the security is purchased. Assuming a two-day
                    settlement period, <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="6" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4-aag-brd2-fn6" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">See <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd2/aag-brd2_introduction/aag-brd2_trade_date_and_settlement/aag-brd2_trade_date_and_settlement.dita#UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-2e0642f9-2668-3ead-206a-f9edfb6f993e/UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4-aag-brd2-fn3">footnote 3</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd2_customer_trades.dita#UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-2cf74176-5933-5a5b-56bb-e91ca8da530e/UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4-aag-brd2-fn6"/>
         </ph> full cash payment should be made no later than two business days
                    after the settlement date. However, if an institutional customer purchases a
                    security with the understanding that the security will be delivered promptly and
                    that the full cash payment will be made promptly against such a delivery,
                    meaning a cash-on-delivery or delivery-versus-payment (DVP) account, the period
                    for making payment is not to exceed 35 calendar days from the trade date.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.34" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.34</b> A customer's
                    failure to make timely payment would ordinarily require the prompt cancellation
                    or liquidation of the transaction. The periods of settlement, trade date plus
                    two business days, and 35 calendar days may be extended for one or more limited
                    periods by applying to the broker-dealer's designated examining
                    authority.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.35" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.35</b> A margin account
                    allows a customer to buy securities without paying in full. The difference
                    between the purchase price and the amount paid by the customer represents a
                    collateralized loan to the customer on which interest is charged. The margin
                    account provides a record of purchase transactions for which the broker-dealer
                    is expected to extend credit for a portion of the purchase price. The amount of
                    credit extended is subject to the limits prescribed under Regulation T.
                    Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) Regulations 41.42–41.49 and SEC
                    Rules 400–406 establish margin requirements for securities futures.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.36" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.36</b> Regulation T
                    establishes the maximum loan value of the securities in the account and requires
                    the broker-dealer to obtain a deposit of cash or securities necessary to meet
                    the initial margin requirement within two business days after the settlement
                    date. That two-day period may be extended for one or more limited periods by
                    applying to a national securities exchange or FINRA. Maximum loan values for
                    securities and a listing of marginable securities are prescribed periodically by
                    a supplement to Regulation T. Certain securities exchanges have rules
                    establishing minimum maintenance margin requirements (for example, FINRA Rule
                    4210). After a purchase of stock on margin, FINRA Rule 4210 supplements the
                    requirements of Regulation T by placing maintenance margin requirements on
                    margin accounts. Under this rule, as a general matter, and pertaining to long
                    positions in equity securities, broker-dealers require the account holder to
                    maintain equity in the value of the securities of at least 25%. If the equity in
                    the account falls below the required amount, the broker-dealer is required to
                    make a maintenance margin call that requires the customer to deposit more funds
                    or securities in order to maintain the equity at the 25% level. The failure of
                    the customer to meet the margin call may result in the liquidation of securities
                    in the account. A broker-dealer may establish initial or maintenance margin
                    requirements that are greater than those required by the rules of the regulatory
                    bodies.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.37" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.37</b> A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">short sale</i> is a sale of a security that the seller
                    does not own. Before a broker-dealer can execute a short sale for a customer, it
                    must know it can obtain the security. The broker-dealer is expected to borrow
                    the security, if necessary, on behalf of the customer for the purpose of
                    satisfying the delivery requirements. Short sales are governed by Regulation SHO
                    — Regulation of Short Sales (Regulation SHO) under the 1934 Act, the margin
                    requirements of Regulation T and the rules of self-regulatory organizations. A
                    short sale account should be used to record transactions when securities are
                    sold short.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.38" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.38</b> Under Regulation
                    SHO, a broker-dealer must mark all sell orders of any equity security as “long,”
                    “short,” or “short exempt.” In addition, Regulation SHO requires that the
                    trading center establish, maintain, and enforce written policies and procedures
                    reasonably designed to (1) prevent the execution or display of a short sale
                    order of a covered security at a price that is less than or equal to the current
                    national best bid if the price of that covered security decreases by 10% or more
                    from the covered security's closing price as determined by the listing market
                    for the covered security as of the end of regular trading hours on the prior
                    day; and (2) impose this short sale price test restriction for the remainder of
                    the day and the following day when a national best bid for the covered security
                    is calculated and disseminated on a current and continuing basis by a plan
                    processor pursuant to an effective national market system plan.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.39" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.39</b> SEC Rule 15c3-3
                    requires that if a security is sold, other than in a short sale, and not
                    received from the customer within 10 business days after the settlement date,
                    the broker-dealer should close the transaction by purchasing the related
                    security for the account of the selling customer unless an extension is
                    obtained. Certain municipal bonds and government securities are exempt from this
                    buy-in requirement.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.40" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.40</b> Naked short
                    selling is prohibited in the United States, as well as other jurisdictions, as a
                    method of driving down share prices. <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Naked short
                        selling</i>, or <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">naked shorting</i>, is
                    the practice of short selling a financial instrument without first borrowing the
                    security or ensuring that the security can be borrowed, as is conventionally
                    done in a short sale. When the seller does not obtain the shares within the
                    required time frame, the result is known as a fail-to-deliver (as described in
                        <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd2/aag-brd2_introduction/aag-brd2_stock_record/aag-brd2_stock_record.dita#UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-c21aa55d-08a7-a021-d2f0-84849ad1f3ed/UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.09">paragraph 2.09</xref> of this chapter). The transaction generally remains
                    open until the shares are acquired by the seller or the seller's broker,
                    allowing the trade to be settled. In the United States, naked short selling is
                    covered by various SEC regulations that prohibit the practice.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.41" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.41</b> A statement of
                    the account should be sent to the customer for any month for which there is
                    activity and at least quarterly if positions or cash are held, as required by
                    regulatory bodies. Broker-dealers should send (pursuant to SEC Rule 10b-10) and
                    retain (pursuant to SEC Rule 17a-4) confirmations of all purchases and sales of
                    securities and notifications of all other debits and credits for cash,
                    securities, or other items for the accounts of customers. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="7" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4-footnote-idm53392902285392" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">On January 18, 2023, FINRA amended Rule 2231, “Customer Account
                            Statements.” The amendment, which goes into effect on January 1, 2024,
                            incorporates additional provisions into Rule 2231, including carrying
                            agreements, transmission of customer account statements to other persons
                            or other entities, use of electronic media to meet delivery obligations,
                            holding of customer mail, information to be disclosed on statements,
                            assets held externally, use of logos, trademarks, etc., and use of
                            summary statements. Refer to FINRA Regulatory Notice 23-02 for more
                            information at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.finra.org/rules-guidance/notices/23-02">https://www.finra.org/rules-guidance/notices/23-02</xref>.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd2_customer_trades.dita#UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-2cf74176-5933-5a5b-56bb-e91ca8da530e/UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4-footnote-idm53392902285392"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.42" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.42</b> To facilitate
                    the transfer of customer accounts between broker-dealers, the NSCC (a subsidiary
                    of the DTCC) has developed a system known as the Automated Customer Account
                    Transfer Service (ACATS).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.43" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.43</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Extension of credit</i>. After a transaction is
                    recorded, the margin department monitors the customer's trade activity and
                    account balance to ensure that payment and delivery are satisfied in accordance
                    with federal, exchange, and firm requirements. The margin department protects
                    the firm by enforcing collection procedures and policies (checking credit
                    status) and by reviewing customer account activity to ensure that the firm
                    complies with the rules and regulations of various regulatory agencies, such as
                    Regulation T and the rules of self-regulatory organizations. The margin
                    department normally does the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Determines initial margin</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Maintains customer accounts</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Controls the extension of credit</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Checks the credit status of customers</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Controls payments from accounts</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Initiates margin calls</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Processes and monitors applications for extensions of time for cash
                            account customers to pay for securities purchased and for margin account
                            customers to meet initial margin requirements</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Issues instructions for moving securities to or from safekeeping or
                            segregation</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Maintains copies of documents pertaining to transactions</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.44" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.44</b> Records
                    maintained by the margin department normally indicate the following on a trade
                    date basis for each margin customer:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Market value <ph class="- topic/ph ">
                  <fn callout="8" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4-footnote-idm53392901452414" class="- topic/fn ">
                     <p class="- topic/p ">The terms <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">market value</i> and
                                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">mark-to-market</i> are used
                                    within this chapter as operational terms. Accordingly, in
                                    practice they may not necessarily be synonymous to the terms
                                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">fair value</i> and <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">subsequently measured at fair
                                    value</i>, which are used within the financial statements
                                    in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2012-04,
                                        <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Technical Corrections and
                                        Improvements</i>.</p>
                  </fn>
                  <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd2_customer_trades.dita#UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-2cf74176-5933-5a5b-56bb-e91ca8da530e/UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4-footnote-idm53392901452414"/>
               </ph> of the securities</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Money balance of the account</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Margin excess or deficit</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Safekeeping and segregation instructions</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Pending trades</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Special miscellaneous account balance calculated in conformity with
                            Regulation T and the rules of self-regulatory organizations</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.45" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.45</b> The margin
                    department advises other departments when they can complete their
                    responsibilities (for example, when a security delivery or cash payment can be
                    completed). Other records and information that may be maintained by the margin
                    department are the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Standing customer instructions regarding the delivery of
                            securities</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The disposition of cash from the sale of securities</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Standing customer instructions regarding the receipt of dividends and
                            interest</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Guarantees of customers' accounts</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.46" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.46</b> The margin
                    department maintains an account record for each customer and, based on that
                    information, authorizes the cashier's department (or cashiering department) to
                    make delivery on sales and payments on purchases. The margin department
                    instructs the cashier’s department to transfer and deliver securities to
                    customers who have paid in full and want possession of certificates.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.47" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.47</b> Generally, the
                    margin department computes the amount of money customers should deposit and when
                    it should be deposited. The functions of the margin department relate not only
                    to margin transactions but also cash accounts and cash transactions. For
                    transactions in cash accounts, the margin department ensures that payment is
                    received from the customers on purchases within the regulatory specified time
                    periods.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.48" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.48</b> For margin and
                    short sale transactions, the margin department ensures that customers deposit
                    sufficient collateral to meet federal and exchange regulations, rules of
                    self-regulatory organizations, and firm requirements. The margin department
                    tracks the market value of the collateral; if the value of the collateral falls
                    below firm guidelines, rules of self-regulatory organizations, or exchange
                    (maintenance) requirements, the customers are required to satisfy the
                    deficiencies. Due to the volatility in securities values, it is essential that
                    up-to-date records be maintained so that the margin department is able to make
                    informed decisions to limit the firm's exposure to losses.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>