<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-77306c25-4d79-05c9-9726-dc73dc73a6c2" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Dividends, Interest, and Reorganization</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.50" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.50</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Dividends and interest</i>. The dividend department
                    normally monitors dividends declared by business entities, monitors the
                    collection (and payment, if the broker-dealer is short) of dividends, records
                    interest and dividends on securities owned by the firm or its customers, and
                    credits customer and firm accounts with their dividends and interest. The
                    following are some of the control and monitoring activities typically associated
                    with the processing of dividends and interest:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Receiving information regarding dividend declarations, pending coupon
                            payments, factor changes, and other corporate actions electronically
                            from independent dividend-reporting services.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Manually reviewing input dividend information separately.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Obtaining information regarding bond interest coupon dates when new
                            issues are recorded on the securities master file.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Automatically creating (on the record date) a dividend file that
                            identifies all long and short security positions in each issue for which
                            a dividend has been declared from an extract of the stock record
                            (commonly referred to as a <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">take-off
                                sheet</i>).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Crediting, through an automated process on the payment date, all
                            entries to customer, noncustomer, and processing accounts.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Recording in the suspense account and having the dividend department
                            investigate differences between money received and the receivable amount
                            or between money paid and the payable amount.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Following up with paying agents or depositories holding the firm's and
                            its customers' securities in street name for payments.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Routinely aging receivables and payables and long and short stock
                            dividends for exposure and for regulatory and escheatment purposes and
                            reporting them to management.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Agreeing customer elections as recorded in the dividend system or
                            offline file to supporting documentation, for dividends that may be paid
                            in either cash or shares at the discretion of the customer.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.51" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.51</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Reorganizations</i>. The reorganization department is
                    responsible for the processing of securities involving corporate
                    reorganizations, consolidations, subscriptions, and exchanges. Some of the
                    control and monitoring activities typically associated with reorganization
                    departments include the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Receiving information regarding pending reorganization transactions
                            electronically from independent reporting services.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Manually reviewing input reorganization information separately.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Controlling physical movements of securities subject to pending
                            reorganizations by processing them through the appropriate
                            reorganization accounts.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Balancing all reorganization transactions on a security-by-security
                            basis.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Periodically recording and confirming money receivable or securities
                            at agents with any differences entered into a suspense account and
                            investigated.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Informing customers of reorganizations and agreeing customer elections
                            as recorded in the reorganization system or offline file to supporting
                            documentation for reorganizations in which a vote, election, or other
                            matter is at the discretion of the customer.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>