<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-2ace4a64-6bb1-9e93-5b08-1c84c1e390bb" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Reorganization</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.144" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.144</b> Reorganization
                    transactions result if an entity undergoes a change in its ownership or
                    structure affecting its outstanding securities. A common example of a
                    reorganization transaction is a tender offer on the part of a third party to
                    purchase a company's shares.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.145" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.145</b> Reorganization
                    transactions may be either voluntary offers or mandatory exchanges. Voluntary
                    offers are processed if the broker-dealer is so instructed by customers who have
                    the option to accept or reject a tender; subscribe to an issuance; exercise
                    options, rights, or warrants; or convert convertibles shares.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.146" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.146</b> Mandatory
                    exchanges are generally processed for customers on the effective date. They
                    include mergers, splits and reverse splits, “when issued” trading,
                    subscriptions, consolidations, acquisitions, exchanges of convertible securities
                    into common stocks, and certain called securities.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.147" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.147</b> The
                    reorganization department is responsible for processing securities involving
                    corporate reorganizations. The responsibilities include the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Executing corporate calls for redemption of issues in the custody of
                            the brokerage firm</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Converting securities into common stock on request of their underlying
                            owner</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Exchanging one class of security for another class of the same issuer,
                            pursuant to a reorganization of the business entity</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Exchanging one company's securities for another company's securities
                            or money, pursuant to a merger or an acquisition</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Subscribing for new shares in a company, pursuant to a rights
                            offering</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Transmitting securities to an intended purchaser under terms of a
                            tender offer on specific written instructions from its beneficial
                            owner</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Allocating results to customer accounts on partial tenders</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.148" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.148</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Recording customer or proprietary reorganization
                        transactions</i>. On the effective date of the reorganization, the
                    original security is removed from the customer or proprietary trading account
                    and set up as a long position in the reorganization account. The new security
                    (or cash, in the case of a cash tender) is set up long (credited) in the
                    customer or proprietary trading account and short (debited) to the
                    reorganization account. When the securities or cash are received from the
                    reorganization agent, the reorganization account is flattened (zeroed
                    out).</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>