<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11_UUID-c427c312-299b-0f5e-55fe-51adcd36f8f2" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">The Understanding of Processes and Controls the Auditor Needs to Assess
                    the Risks of Material Misstatements</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11_aag-afi8.23" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">8.23</b> In order to plan
                    the audit, the auditor obtains the following understanding of processes and
                    controls:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The broker-dealer initiates trades within parameters set by Lane and
                            also executes the trades.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The broker-dealer sends a confirmation of each trade to Lane, which
                            Lane usually receives within three business days.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Lane records the trade in the applicable general ledger accounts when
                            it receives the trade confirmation.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Monthly, the broker-dealer sends Lane a statement that includes
                            trades, servicing transactions, a description of the financial
                            instruments held, and the fair value of each of those financial
                            instruments.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Monthly, Lane compares the information about trades and the components
                            of its financial instruments’ portfolio that are shown in its accounting
                            records with the broker-dealer’s monthly statement and investigates
                            significant differences.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Monthly, Lane records servicing transactions and changes in unrealized
                            holding gains and losses based on information in the broker-dealer’s
                            monthly statement. Lane compares the broker-dealer information with its
                            expectations based on published information and investigates significant
                            differences.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11_aag-afi8.24" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">8.24</b> Following the
                    guidance in AU-C section 402B, the auditor concludes the following:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Initiating trades, servicing financial instruments, and providing fair
                            value information are broker-dealer services that are part of Lane’s
                            information system.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The broker-dealer’s execution of trades and holding of securities are
                            not part of Lane’s information system.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11_aag-afi8.25" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">8.25</b> With respect to
                    whether obtaining an understanding of the broker-dealer’s controls is necessary
                    to plan the audit, the auditor concludes one of the following:</p>
      <ul class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Because the broker-dealer initiates and executes trades, all the
                            information about trades that is available to Lane comes from the
                            broker-dealer. Accordingly, the broker-dealer’s controls over the
                            initiation of trades are significant to Lane’s internal control over
                            financial instrument transactions. Information about the manner in which
                            trades are initiated by the broker-dealer, as well as the
                            broker-dealer’s controls over that process, is needed to plan the audit.
                            The auditor decides that an effective broker-dealer control over
                            initiation of trades would be both of the following:</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Establishing independent departments that provide the
                                    investment advisory services and the holding and servicing of
                                    financial instruments</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Reconciling the information about the financial instruments
                                    that is provided by each department</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Based on available information, the auditor believes the broker-dealer has
                    such controls. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="5" id="UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11-aag-afi8-fn5" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">To help plan the audit, the auditor may gather information about
                            broker-dealer controls over existence and completeness assertions from a
                            variety of sources. Examples are a service auditor’s type 1 or type 2
                            SOC 1 report, manuals provided by the broker-dealer, and inquiries of
                            broker-dealer personnel.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi_the_understanding_of_processes2.dita#UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11_UUID-c427c312-299b-0f5e-55fe-51adcd36f8f2/UUID-1911b3ac-218a-078f-9079-2004d1718a11-aag-afi8-fn5"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <ul class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The broker-dealer’s controls over servicing financial instruments and
                            providing fair value information are not significant to Lane’s internal
                            control over financial instrument transactions because Lane does both of
                            the following:</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Compares broker-dealer information about servicing and fair
                                    values with its expectations based on published
                                    information</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">Investigates significant differences</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Accordingly, obtaining an understanding of the broker-dealer’s controls over
                    those services is not necessary to plan the audit.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>