<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-92d7f1a2-b25b-ca00-9b8f-62282c2ba7db" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Step 2: Identify the Performance Obligations in the
                                Contract</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.23" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.23</b> When evaluating management fees, an entity should
                                identify the performance obligations. FASB ASC 606-10-25-14
                                describes a <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">performance
                                    obligation</i> as a</p>
      <lq class="- topic/lq ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">…promise to transfer to the customer either:</p>
         <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">A good or service (or a bundle of goods or services)
                                            that is distinct</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">A series of distinct goods or services that are
                                            substantially the same and that have the same pattern of
                                            transfer to the customer (see paragraph
                                            606-10-25-15).</p>
            </li>
         </ol>
      </lq>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.24" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.24</b> For a promised good or service to be distinct,
                                both of the following criteria in FASB ASC 606-10-25-19 must be
                                met:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The customer can benefit from the good or service either
                                        on its own or together with other resources that are readily
                                        available to the customer (that is, the good or service is
                                        capable of being distinct).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The entity’s promise to transfer the good or service to
                                        the customer is separately identifiable from other promises
                                        in the contract (that is, the promise to transfer the good
                                        or service is distinct within the context of the
                                        contract).</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.25" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.25</b> Several steps are involved in applying the
                                preceding guidance, starting with identifying all the promised goods
                                or services in the contract. Services promised to the customer may
                                be described in an IMA or a prospectus, or both. Although in many
                                cases all the promised goods or services might be identified
                                explicitly in the contract, FASB ASC 606-10-25-16 notes that they
                                may be implicit as well: “A contract with a customer also may
                                include promises that are implied by an entity’s customary business
                                practices, published policies, or specific statements if, at the
                                time of entering into the contract, those promises create a
                                reasonable expectation of the customer that the entity will transfer
                                a good or service to the customer.” Moreover, FASB ASC 606-10-25-18
                                provides examples of promised services, including the
                                following:</p>
      <lq class="- topic/lq ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">...</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">d.    Performing a contractually agreed-upon task (or tasks)
                                    for a customer</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">e.    Providing a service of standing ready to provide goods
                                    or services... or of making goods or services available for a
                                    customer to use as and when the customer decides.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">f.    Providing a service of arranging for another party to
                                    transfer goods or services to a customer (for example, acting as
                                    an agent of another party...)</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">...</p>
      </lq>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.26" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.26</b> An entity should consider the specific terms of a
                                given IMA, and the unique facts and circumstances of the
                                arrangement, including the entity’s prior business practices, when
                                identifying explicit and implicit promises, in addition to the
                                performance of asset management services.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.27" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.27</b> Once promises in the contract have been
                                identified, an entity must then identify the performance
                                obligations. A promised service can be a performance obligation if
                                it meets the distinct criteria either on</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">a standalone basis, or</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">a combined basis, together with other promises because
                                        either</p>
            <ol outputclass="i" class="- topic/ol ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">each service is not distinct (hence, they are
                                                “bundled” together), or</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">each service is distinct, but the criteria are met
                                                that require them to be accounted for as a
                                                series.</p>
               </li>
            </ol>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p class="- topic/p ">In all instances, the guidance on determining whether a promise is
                                distinct in paragraphs 19–22 of FASB ASC 606-10-25 should be
                                applied.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.28" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.28</b> Consistent with Example 25 in FASB ASC
                                606-10-55-222, the promise to provide asset management services is
                                considered a single performance obligation in accordance with FASB
                                ASC 606-10-25-14b as it requires the provision of a series of
                                distinct services that are substantially the same and have the same
                                pattern of transfer (the services transfer to the customer over time
                                and use the same method to measure progress — that is, a time-based
                                measure of progress). The promise to provide asset management
                                services often encompasses the provision of supporting
                                administrative activities, such as providing regulatory compliance
                                services, ensuring that the investment company complies with
                                applicable stock exchange listing requirements, negotiating
                                contractual agreements with third-party providers of services,
                                overseeing the determination and publication of the investment
                                company’s net asset value, and overseeing the preparation and filing
                                of the investment company’s tax return (as applicable). These
                                services are considered ancillary and part of the nature of the
                                promised asset management service to the customer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.29" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.29</b> In evaluating the nature of the asset manager’s
                                promise to provide asset management services, FinREC believes that
                                the asset manager either explicitly or implicitly creates a
                                reasonable expectation of the customer that the asset manager will
                                provide oversight and overall management of the fund or portfolio of
                                assets. Governing documents for funds, such as the prospectus, often
                                explain that the asset manager has ultimate responsibility for
                                managing each fund’s investment and business operations, subject to
                                the oversight of the fund’s board (if applicable). Also, governing
                                documents typically highlight that this authority has been delegated
                                to the asset manager under a separate management agreement entered
                                into with the fund. The asset manager often serves as manager of a
                                fund pursuant to an investment advisory agreement or other
                                management agreement entered into between them and the fund. Fund
                                management responsibilities often involve negotiating the terms of
                                and subsequently monitoring adherence to service provider agreements
                                with third-party service providers (for example, custodian, fund
                                administrator, transfer agent and registrar, auditor, distributor,
                                and fund accountant), determining or confirming the net asset value
                                of the fund and raising any material service performance issues (as
                                well as possible resolutions) to the fund’s board, amongst other
                                duties.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.30" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.30</b> FinREC believes that each increment of asset
                                management service is distinct because the customer can benefit from
                                each day of service on its own and each day of service is separately
                                identifiable. Each day’s service is separately identifiable because
                                of the following:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The asset manager does not provide an integration service
                                        between the days. Although the various underlying activities
                                        are generally coordinated and are inputs to the combined
                                        asset management service, each day that those combined
                                        activities are provided is not an input to a combined
                                        output. Also, the utility to the customer of asset
                                        management services performed on any given day is not
                                        significantly affected by such services performed on another
                                        day. Although certain services performed on any given day
                                        may affect actions that are ultimately taken on another day,
                                        such as investment research activities or analysis of
                                        ongoing market developments, they are not considered inputs
                                        to services performed on those other days because until the
                                        asset manager actually undertakes an action, (i) the
                                        customer does not receive the utility of prior activities
                                        undertaken, and (ii) prior activities may be rendered
                                        obsolete by current market events and reaction required to
                                        address customer needs.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Each day does not modify or customize the services
                                        provided on another day.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The days of service are generally not highly
                                        interdependent or interrelated because the entity can
                                        fulfill its obligations each day independent of fulfilling
                                        its obligations for the other days.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.31" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.31</b> With respect to the “substantially the same”
                                criterion, FinREC believes it is reasonable to conclude that each
                                day of service is substantially the same because the nature of the
                                asset manager’s promise to the customer is one overall service. Even
                                if the individual activities that comprise the performance
                                obligation vary from day to day, the nature of the overall promise
                                is the same from day to day. Therefore, the asset manager has
                                promised the daily investment management service (as opposed to
                                promising to deliver a specified amount of each underlying activity)
                                and the conditions are met for the promise to provide asset
                                management services to represent a single performance obligation
                                based on the series guidance in FASB ASC 606-10-25-15.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>