<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-74dade0b-84b6-17c9-ace5-1444412c2c67" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Background — Management Fees</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.19" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.19</b> Management fees are
                                generally asset-based fees received from managed accounts or from
                                pooled investment vehicles (that is, funds) in exchange for asset
                                management services. In addition to investment advisory services, in
                                many cases, the asset manager is also responsible for ensuring the
                                proper functioning of fund operations, which includes engaging and
                                monitoring applicable third-party service providers who perform
                                services such as record keeping, administration, custody, transfer
                                agency, and fund accounting. These services allow the customer to
                                continue operating and reporting in compliance with applicable laws
                                and regulations. These services are performed and provide benefit to
                                the customer consistently over a given time period. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="3" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-rev4-fn3" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">In certain instances, management fees may be structured as
                                        fixed fees. In these instances, asset management services
                                        are provided in exchange for fixed amounts of consideration
                                        paid at contractually specified intervals (for example,
                                        quarterly).</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-rev4_background_management_fees.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-74dade0b-84b6-17c9-ace5-1444412c2c67/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-rev4-fn3"/>
         </ph> The management fee is typically calculated as a
                                percentage of gross or net assets at a point in time or the average
                                of such assets over a given period (such as daily, monthly, or
                                quarterly), and the billing terms of the fee (both timing [for
                                example, in arrears or in advance] and frequency) are included in
                                the IMA that is entered into between the asset manager and the
                                customer. For example, an asset manager may be paid a fee per annum
                                of 1% of daily net assets to manage a mutual fund for a 1-year time
                                period. The mutual fund is required to pay 1/365 of 1% of each day’s
                                net assets for every day that the asset manager manages the fund,
                                with the fee payable the first of the following month. Application
                                of the revenue recognition model in FASB ASC 606 to management fees
                                in a contract with a customer to provide asset management services
                                is illustrated in Example 25, Management Fees Subject to the
                                Constraint, paragraphs 221–225 of FASB ASC 606-10-55.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.20" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.20</b> For purposes of the
                                following analysis, assume that entitlement to and amount of
                                management fees do not depend on the performance of the investments
                                under management meeting specified investment return thresholds and
                                that there is no associated clawback provision. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="4" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-rev4-fn4" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">A <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">clawback provision</i> is
                                        a feature in a contract that requires the asset manager to
                                        return all or a portion of the previously allocated and
                                        distributed fees. There is often associated complex legal
                                        language and calculations to determine the amount of the
                                        clawback provision.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-rev4_background_management_fees.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-74dade0b-84b6-17c9-ace5-1444412c2c67/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd-aag-rev4-fn4"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.21" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.21</b> Considerations relevant to
                                evaluating performance fees are discussed in detail within the
                                section “<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-brd_revenue_streams_asset_management/topics/aag-rev4_incentive_or_performance_fee.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-0dd403f6-9f74-c82e-19a5-c30aaeb0ad19">Incentive or Performance Fee Revenue, Excluding Incentive-Based
                                    Capital Allocations (Such as Carried Interest)</xref>” in
                                paragraphs 4.6.54–4.6.80 and in the section “<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-rev/aag-rev4/aag-rev4_revenue_streams/aag-rev4_incentive_based_capital_allocations/aag-rev4_incentive_based_capital_allocations.dita#UUID-5dda6152-7bb5-4414-0515-87dee369dc20_UUID-3ccaa7e0-892e-46cb-0508-3b0b33c0958c">Incentive-Based Capital Allocations</xref>” in paragraphs
                                4.6.81–4.6.93. <unknown id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_N661755d1aa746" class="- topic/unknown ">Incentive-Based Capital
                                    Allocations</unknown>
      </p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>