<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-e82da111-5386-6d34-ba26-d18b82895a4d" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Measuring Progress Toward Complete Satisfaction of a
                                    Performance Obligation</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.77" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.77</b> If the performance obligation is
                                    satisfied over time, the entity would next determine how to
                                    measure progress towards complete satisfaction of the
                                    performance obligation. An entity must determine if an output
                                    method or an input method, as described in paragraphs 16–21 of
                                    FASB ASC 606-10-55, is more appropriate for measuring progress.
                                    The selected method must be applied consistently to similar
                                    performance obligations and in similar circumstances.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.78" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.78</b> FinREC believes that a time-based measure
                                    of progress, as described in FASB ASC 606-10-55-222, is the
                                    appropriate approach for recognizing revenue over time because
                                    the services are substantially the same each day and have the
                                    same pattern of transfer.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.79" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.79</b> Entities should consider guidance in
                                    paragraphs 36–37 of FASB ASC 606-10-25 and conclude whether
                                    their selected methodology is a reasonable measure of progress
                                    based on reliable inputs. An entity may only recognize revenue
                                    if it can reasonably measure progress toward complete
                                    satisfaction of the performance obligation.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.80" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.80</b> The following examples are meant to be
                                    illustrative, and the actual application of the guidance in
                                    paragraphs 5–14 of FASB ASC 606-10-32 for estimating variable
                                    consideration to be included in the transaction price should be
                                    based on the facts and circumstances of an entity’s specific
                                    situation.</p>
      <example id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_example-idm4495177495200033902947429455" class="- topic/example ">
         <title class="- topic/title ">Example 4-6-3 — Performance Fees</title>
         <p class="- topic/p ">An asset manager enters into an IMA with a hedge fund for
                                        the provision of investment advisory services. The asset
                                        manager is entitled to a monthly management fee equal to
                                        0.50% of the monthly average assets under management.
                                        Additionally, the asset manager is entitled to a performance
                                        fee equal to 20% of the gross annual return of the fund in
                                        excess of the 12% contractual hurdle rate. The performance
                                        fee, assuming the hurdle rate is met, is paid at the end of
                                        the calendar year. There is no provision in the IMA that
                                        requires the asset manager to return amounts paid in
                                        previous calendar years if in subsequent years the hurdle
                                        rate is not met (that is, there is no “clawback”
                                        provision).</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">The following evaluations represent considerations for two
                                        years in the life cycle of the hedge fund and are for
                                        illustrative purposes only. The same evaluation would be
                                        performed in other performance periods.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">As of September 30 of the fifth calendar year, the fund
                                        had gross year-to-date appreciation of 20%. There are no
                                        restrictions on the continued investment or reinvestment of
                                        the fund’s portfolio holdings. Since inception, similar
                                        funds in the related investment objective have experienced
                                        quarterly market volatility ranging from depreciation of 10%
                                        to a return of 25%.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">The asset manager determined that it is not probable that
                                        a significant reversal of the calculated 1.6% performance
                                        fee (20% of the 8% gross annual appreciation in excess of
                                        the contractual hurdle rate) will not occur based on the
                                        following factors:</p>
         <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The fund has the ability to invest or reinvest its
                                                proceeds into additional portfolio holdings.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The fund is subject to significant market
                                                volatility in the fourth calendar quarter, which
                                                could result in a decline in the gross annual return
                                                below the contractual hurdle.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The current gross annual return earned to date is
                                                not significantly higher than the contractual
                                                hurdle.</p>
            </li>
         </ul>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Based on these factors, the asset manager did not include
                                        an estimate of the performance fee in the transaction price
                                        as of September 30 of the fifth calendar year.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">As of September 30 of the ninth calendar year, the fund
                                        had gross year-to-date appreciation of 50%. During the year,
                                        the investment portfolio was sold and the proceeds were
                                        invested in a money market fund to preserve the year-to-date
                                        gains.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">The asset manager determined that it is probable that a
                                        significant reversal of the calculated 7.6% performance fee
                                        (20% of the 38% gross annual appreciation in excess of the
                                        contractual hurdle rate) will not occur:</p>
         <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The fund composition changed from a portfolio of
                                                investments to a single investment in a money market
                                                fund with a stable net asset value of $1.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">Although the fund is subject to market volatility
                                                in the fourth calendar quarter, which could result
                                                in a decline in the gross annual return, any decline
                                                would not be expected to be significant given the
                                                type of underlying funds (for example, treasuries),
                                                and the return through September 30 significantly
                                                exceeds the contractual hurdle.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The current gross annual return earned to date is
                                                significantly higher than the contractual
                                                hurdle.</p>
            </li>
         </ul>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Given the change in the composition of the underlying
                                        investment portfolio to a money market fund with a stable
                                        net asset value, the full performance fee of 7.6% is
                                        included in the transaction price as of September 30 of the
                                        ninth calendar year. However, the asset manager should
                                        evaluate whether the unconstrained performance fee is
                                        allocated to the distinct services provided prior to
                                        September 30 of the ninth calendar year in accordance with
                                        paragraphs 39(b) and 40 of FASB ASC 606-10-32 or if a
                                        portion should be deferred and recognized over the remaining
                                        performance period.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">If the investment portfolio was not moved to an investment
                                        in a money market fund with a stable net asset value and,
                                        therefore, still subject to additional market fluctuations,
                                        the asset manager should consider whether a portion of the
                                        7.6% performance fee would still be subject to the
                                        constraint guidance.</p>
      </example>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">Example 4-6-4 — Fulcrum Fees</b>
         <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="5" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">
                  <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Fulcrum fees</i> are
                                            performance-based fees in which advisers to mutual funds
                                            are compensated depending on how well their managed fund
                                            performed relative to a particular benchmark. The
                                            fulcrum fee is made up of two components — the base fee,
                                            which represents the midpoint of the entire fulcrum fee,
                                            and the incentive adjustment. Generally, the adviser is
                                            paid the base fee if the fund’s performance matches the
                                            performance of the benchmark. If the fund outperforms
                                            its benchmark, the adviser receives an incentive payment
                                            in addition to the base fee. Conversely, if the fund
                                            underperforms its benchmark, the adviser is penalized
                                            and the base fee is reduced by a negative incentive
                                            adjustment.</p>
            </fn>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <example id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_example-idm4517315811056033902948388213" class="- topic/example ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">Certain performance fees may be structured with a floor
                                        and a performance-based component (fulcrum fees) or as a
                                        weighted average of performance over a period of several
                                        years. In such cases, the uncertainty may only apply to a
                                        portion of the performance fee, which could result in
                                        partial recognition of the performance fee. Careful
                                        attention should be paid to the specific facts and
                                        circumstances of each performance fee when determining any
                                        constraint on the estimate of performance-based
                                        consideration that may be included in the transaction
                                        price.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">As an example, the prospectus for a fund may contain the
                                        following fee provisions:</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">The management fee will be 0.60% of average quarterly AUM.
                                        If fund performance outperforms its benchmark index on the
                                        annual basis by</p>
         <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">1% but less than 2%, the management fee will be
                                                increased to 0.65% of average AUM.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">2% but less than 4%, the management fee will be
                                                increased to 0.70% of average AUM.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">4% or greater, the management fee will be
                                                increased to 0.75% of average AUM.</p>
            </li>
         </ul>
         <p class="- topic/p ">If the fund underperforms its benchmark index by</p>
         <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">1% but less than 2%, the management fee will be
                                                decreased to 0.55% of average AUM.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">2% but less than 4%, the management fee will be
                                                decreased to 0.50% of average AUM.</p>
            </li>
            <li class="- topic/li ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">4% or greater, the management fee will be
                                                decreased to 0.45% of average AUM.</p>
            </li>
         </ul>
         <p class="- topic/p ">In such a case, the minimum (or fixed) portion of the
                                        fulcrum fees (in the preceding example, the minimum is the
                                        0.45% fee) for the given quarter becomes fixed as compared
                                        to its benchmark index. Therefore, the minimum fee would be
                                        evaluated consistent with other base management fees at the
                                        end of each quarterly reporting period, including
                                        consideration of the constraint guidance, as described in
                                        the “<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-brd_revenue_streams_asset_management/topics/aag-rev4_management_fee_revenue_excluding.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-b5058bd4-6202-72b8-f150-e2dfe659355a">Management Fee Revenue, Excluding Performance
                                            Fees</xref>” section.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Depending on the facts and circumstances of the
                                        arrangement, the asset manager may exclude the fulcrum fee
                                        earned above the minimum fee of 0.45% from the transaction
                                        price because it is not probable that a significant reversal
                                        of the fee will not occur prior to the end of the
                                        performance period and, therefore, the amount is
                                        constrained. If this is the case, then the performance-based
                                        component of the fulcrum fee should be excluded from the
                                        transaction price until it becomes probable that there will
                                        not be a significant reversal of cumulative revenue
                                        recognized based on the factors in FASB ASC 606-10-32-12 as
                                        well as specific considerations for the asset management
                                        industry described in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-brd_revenue_streams_asset_management/topics/aag-rev4_constraining_estimates.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-4a48ab37-e26e-975f-61d6-11441ec00c4a/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.69">paragraph 4.6.69</xref>.</p>
      </example>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>