<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-2ae0fe03-64a7-647a-1bb3-96d64c284503" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Measuring Progress Toward Complete Satisfaction of a
                                    Performance Obligation</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.42" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.42</b> For performance obligations satisfied
                                    over time, the entity should determine how to measure progress
                                    towards complete satisfaction of the performance obligation.
                                    FASB ASC 606-10-25-31 explains that the objective when measuring
                                    progress is to depict the transfer of services to the customer
                                    (that is, the satisfaction of an entity’s performance
                                    obligation).</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.43" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.43</b> FinREC believes that a time-based measure
                                    of progress should be applied when measuring progress toward
                                    complete satisfaction of the asset management services
                                    performance obligation (and, hence, for recognizing as revenue
                                    management fees). Consistent with FASB ASC 606-10-55-222 of
                                    Example 25, asset management services constitute a single
                                    performance obligation pursuant to the series provision in FASB
                                    ASC 606-10-25-14b because not only is the asset manager
                                    providing a series of distinct services that are substantially
                                    the same (that is, daily asset management services), but those
                                    distinct services have the same pattern of transfer. Daily asset
                                    management services have the same pattern of transfer because
                                        (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>) they are transferred
                                    to the customer over time, in accordance with FASB ASC
                                    606-10-25-27, and (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>) use the
                                    same method to measure progress — a time-based measure of
                                    progress.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.44" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.44</b> Entities should consider the guidance in
                                    paragraphs 36–37 of FASB ASC 606-10-25 and then conclude whether
                                    their selected methodology is a reasonable measure of progress
                                    toward complete satisfaction of the performance obligation. As
                                    stated in FASB ASC 606-10-25-36, an entity should only recognize
                                    revenue for its performance if it can reasonably measure
                                    progress toward complete satisfaction of the performance
                                    obligation. Accordingly, the method used to measure progress
                                    should be based on reliable information.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.45" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.45</b> The following example for management fees
                                    is meant to be illustrative, and the actual determination of the
                                    amount and timing of fees recognized in revenue should be based
                                    on the facts and circumstances of an entity’s specific
                                    situation.</p>
      <example id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_example-idm450069852609923390293785007" class="- topic/example ">
         <title class="- topic/title ">Example 4-6-1 — Management Fees</title>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Pursuant to an IMA, an asset manager is paid a fee per
                                        annum of 1% of daily net assets to manage a mutual fund for
                                        a one-year time period. The mutual fund is required to pay
                                        1/365 of 1% of each day’s net asset value for every day that
                                        the asset manager manages the fund, with the fee payable in
                                        arrears (the first business day of each following month).
                                        The days of asset management service collectively form a
                                        single performance obligation pursuant to the series
                                        guidance. This is because the service performed each day is
                                        substantially the same and has the same pattern of transfer
                                        to the customer (over time). Each period of service lasts
                                        one day, asset management services are performed every
                                        business day, and the customer receives and consumes the
                                        benefits of the performed services as the asset manager
                                        provides them. The transfer of services is continuous, and
                                        the asset manager has a right to consideration from the fund
                                        in an amount that corresponds directly with the value to the
                                        fund of the asset manager’s performance completed to date.
                                        Accordingly, the criteria in FASB ASC 606-10-32-40 relating
                                        to the allocation of variable consideration would likely be
                                        met. If so, the asset manager should allocate the
                                        transaction price and recognize revenue relating to the
                                        performance of daily asset management services over the
                                        given month, calculated by multiplying the 1% management fee
                                        by the fund’s respective day’s net assets divided by the
                                        number of days in the year.</p>
      </example>
      <p class="- topic/p ">
         <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-brd_revenue_streams_asset_management/topics/aag-rev4_measuring_progress_toward_complete2.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-2ae0fe03-64a7-647a-1bb3-96d64c284503/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_example-idm450069852609923390293785007">Example 4-6-1</xref> is consistent with Example 25 of FASB
                                    ASC 606. Specifically, in FASB ASC 606-10-55-225, the guidance
                                    explains that “[a]t the end of each quarter, the entity
                                    allocates the quarterly management fee to the distinct services
                                    provided during the quarter in accordance with paragraphs
                                    606-10-32-39(b) and 606-10-32-40. This is because the fee
                                    relates specifically to the entity’s efforts to transfer the
                                    services for that quarter, which are distinct from the services
                                    provided in other quarters, and the resulting allocation will be
                                    consistent with the allocation objective paragraph
                                    606-10-32-28.”</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>