<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-a29df51e-52b7-aaf3-a125-550f065bb69c" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Unitary Management Fee Arrangements</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.46" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.46</b> Similar to a traditional management fee
                                arrangement, a <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">unitary management
                                    fee</i> arrangement involves the asset manager performing
                                asset management services as well as other services associated with
                                operations of a fund. The main difference is that the asset manager
                                also agrees to pay for certain specified operating services in
                                exchange for the unitary fee. As explained subsequently, the
                                preceding analysis for management fees applies equally to unitary
                                management fee arrangements; notable exceptions or additional
                                analysis points are indicated.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.47" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.47</b> A “unitary fee” may also apply in other
                                scenarios. For example, a single fee may only cover the provision of
                                operating services. Alternatively, a single fee may cover investment
                                advisory services and fund administration services but not other
                                related services such as custody and transfer agency services. Key
                                to the evaluation of all unitary fee arrangements is the
                                determination of the nature of the overall promise to the customer.
                                Irrespective of how contracts are arranged, if a single fee is paid
                                to an asset manager that covers more than one service, the asset
                                manager must determine if the promise in the contract is to transfer
                                to the customer either (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>) each
                                of the underlying services, or (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>) a combined service to which the promised goods or
                                services are inputs. Note that for some situations, an additional
                                assessment on combination of contracts may be required. For purposes
                                of this section, the focus is on unitary management fee arrangements
                                that include payment for investment advisory services as well as a
                                number of operating services.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>