<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-6a256bfe-089b-6bd9-7c4a-c576e824d45a" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Background — Unitary Management Fee
                                    Arrangements</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.48" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.48</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Unitary
                                        investment management fees</i> are generally
                                    asset-based fees received from certain managed funds, managed
                                    exchange-traded funds (ETFs), and common collective trust funds
                                    (CCTFs) for the provision of investment advisory as well as
                                    management or payment of certain specified other operational
                                    expenses, or both. As with management fees, the unitary
                                    management fee is typically calculated as a percentage of gross
                                    or net assets at a point in time or the average of such assets
                                    over a given period (such as daily, monthly, or quarterly), and
                                    the billing terms of the fee (both timing [in arrears or in
                                    advance] and frequency) are included in a management agreement
                                    between the asset manager and the customer. The fund or unit
                                    trust is typically deemed to be the customer under Step 1 of the
                                    revenue recognition model.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.49" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.49</b> Similar to management fee arrangements,
                                    in a unitary management fee arrangement, the asset manager is
                                    appointed as manager with all the powers, duties, and
                                    discretions exercisable in respect of the management of the fund
                                    or unit trust. As manager, they are typically responsible for
                                    ensuring the operation of the fund or unit trust, irrespective
                                    of who performs the services.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.50" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.50</b> Under unitary management fee agreements,
                                    investors are aware that a single fee is being charged, the fee
                                    is paid to the asset manager in its capacity as manager, and the
                                    fee covers payment for certain operational expenses. Example
                                    operating services covered by the unitary management fee include
                                    administrative services such as ongoing record keeping,
                                    custodianship of assets, transfer agency and registry services,
                                    regulatory filing, audit and tax advisory services, accounting
                                    services, printing, information services, and distribution
                                    services. Investors may be made aware of the identity of some
                                    appointed third-party service providers for certain delegated
                                    operating services because that information may be disclosed in
                                    the prospectus (for example, the administrator or custodian).
                                    Irrespective of whether the manager performs the operating
                                    services or delegates them, the services are all performed for
                                    and provide benefit to the fund or unit trust (that is, the
                                    customer) consistently over a given time period.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.51" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.51</b> Notably, the same operating services that
                                    are covered by the unitary management fee are performed on
                                    behalf of the fund under management fee arrangements. The main
                                    difference between these two types of arrangements is the entity
                                    that makes payment for operating expenses (that is, the asset
                                    manager versus the fund). The primary reason for having two
                                    types of “payment arrangements” is the fund’s ability to manage
                                    its cost. Under unitary fee management fee arrangements, the
                                    onus is on the asset manager to manage operating costs. They are
                                    responsible for any costs that cannot be covered by the unitary
                                    fee they receive as payment for managing the fund (that is, by
                                    the unitary management fee). Comparatively, under management fee
                                    arrangements, the fund is exposed to cost overruns, subject to
                                    limitations in the form of expense caps. Depending on facts and
                                    circumstances related to a given fund, shareholders may prefer
                                    one arrangement over the other.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.52" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.52</b> Whether the unitary management fee
                                    revenue should be presented gross or net of the cost of
                                    outsourced operating services requires an analysis of the
                                    principal versus agent criteria in paragraphs 36–40 of FASB ASC
                                    606-10-55. Industry considerations relevant to evaluating
                                    presentation of unitary management fees are discussed within the
                                    section “<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-rev/aag-rev4/aag-rev4_revenue_streams/aag-rev4_asset_management_arrangement_revenue/aag-rev4_asset_management_arrangement_revenue.dita#UUID-5dda6152-7bb5-4414-0515-87dee369dc20_UUID-ba641424-0107-cfd4-158d-328c0f861c43">Asset Management Arrangement Revenue — Gross Versus
                                        Net</xref>” in paragraphs 4.6.94–4.6.107. <unknown id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_N661755d1b3616" class="- topic/unknown ">Asset Management Arrangement Revenue
                                        — Gross Versus Net</unknown>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.53" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.53</b> The following example for unitary
                                    management fees is meant to be illustrative, and the actual
                                    determination of the amount and timing of fees recognized in
                                    revenue should be based on the facts and circumstances of an
                                    entity’s specific situation. For purposes of the following
                                    analysis, assume that entitlement to and amount of the unitary
                                    management fee do not depend on the performance of the
                                    investments under management meeting specified investment return
                                    thresholds and that there is no associated clawback
                                    provision.</p>
      <example id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_example-idm4517307469817633902938771224" class="- topic/example ">
         <title class="- topic/title ">Example 4-6-2 — Unitary Management Fees</title>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Step 1: Identify the Contract With a
                                            Customer</i>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Refer to the discussion of this step in preceding <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-brd_revenue_streams_asset_management/topics/aag-rev4_measuring_progress_toward_complete2.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-2ae0fe03-64a7-647a-1bb3-96d64c284503/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_example-idm450069852609923390293785007">example 4-6-1</xref>. The same assessment applies to
                                        unitary management fee arrangements.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Step 2: Identify the Performance
                                            Obligations in the Contract</i>
         </p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">FinREC believes that a similar assessment to <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-brd_revenue_streams_asset_management/topics/aag-rev4_measuring_progress_toward_complete2.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-2ae0fe03-64a7-647a-1bb3-96d64c284503/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_example-idm450069852609923390293785007">example 4-6-1</xref> for management fees applies to
                                        unitary management fee arrangements. The main difference is
                                        that under unitary management fee arrangements, the asset
                                        manager receives a higher management fee designed to
                                        encompass the additional costs associated with discharging
                                        payment to third-party service providers (this is typically
                                        explained in the fund governing documents). To the extent
                                        the cost of services provided by a third-party service
                                        provider exceeds the asset manager’s anticipated amount
                                        budgeted as part of its unitary management fee, such excess
                                        is paid out of the asset manager’s assets. In comparison,
                                        under a management fee contract, the fund typically directly
                                        pays the operating service costs. Nonetheless, the nature of
                                        the asset manager’s promise is the same in either instance.
                                        It is the promise to stand ready or provide a single service
                                        until the arrangement is terminated by either party or until
                                        the fund is dissolved, pursuant to contractual terms (also
                                        see the preceding discussion under management fees). This
                                        additional service of discharging payment occurs
                                        concurrently with the traditional investment advisory
                                        services and has the same pattern of transfer, making the
                                        accounting evaluation similar to that for management fees
                                        and consistent with Example 25 in paragraphs 221–225 of FASB
                                        ASC 606-10-55.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Some of the operating services over which the asset
                                        manager is responsible for paying may be performed primarily
                                        during a particular time or times of the year, for example,
                                        audit and legal services and regulatory filing services. As
                                        well, payment for these services may only be made at these
                                        times. However, there are typically aspects of such services
                                        that are performed throughout the year, as other asset
                                        management-related services are performed.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">When evaluating the nature of the promise to the customer,
                                        FinREC believes that if disclosure in the governing
                                        documents is made of the amount of the unitary fee
                                        attributable to each operating service covered by the
                                        unitary management fee, then this disclosure should not, in
                                        and of itself, dictate the identification of distinct goods
                                        or services.</p>
         <p class="- topic/p ">Because the nature of the asset manager’s promise in a
                                        unitary fee arrangement is to provide day-to-day management
                                        of a fund, the promise involves the provision of a number of
                                        services that collectively represent the complete service
                                        promised to the customer. Underlying services may include
                                        investment advisory services, accounting services, preparing
                                        proxies, printing prospectuses, providing distribution
                                        services, and custodian and transfer agency services. All of
                                        these underlying activities could significantly vary within
                                        a day or from day to day; however, that is not relevant to
                                        the evaluation of the nature of the promise. In this regard,
                                        the nature of the contract is to provide integrated fund
                                        management services, inclusive of investment advisory
                                        services and certain operating services, as opposed to a
                                        specific quantity of specified services. Similar to
                                        management fee arrangements, FinREC believes that it is
                                        reasonable to conclude that each day of service is
                                        substantially the same. That is, even if the individual
                                        activities that comprise the performance obligation vary
                                        from day to day, the nature of the overall promise is the
                                        same from day to day. The daily services are those
                                        activities that are required to satisfy the asset manager’s
                                        obligation to provide an integrated fund management service.
                                        FinREC believes that a similar assessment to the preceding
                                        assessment for management fees applies in these
                                        instances.</p>
      </example>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Refer to the discussion in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_revenue_recognition_implementation_of/aag-brd5_brokers_dealers_and_futures/aag-brd_revenue_streams_asset_management/topics/aag-rev4_measuring_progress_toward_complete2.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-2ae0fe03-64a7-647a-1bb3-96d64c284503/UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_example-idm450069852609923390293785007">example 4-6-1</xref> for determining satisfaction of the
                                    performance obligations, measuring progress toward complete
                                    satisfaction of a performance obligation, determining the
                                    transaction price, and allocating the transaction price to
                                    performance obligations. The same assessment applies to unitary
                                    management fee arrangements.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>