<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-0e830d99-7271-0dd0-0f52-4a137057bee9" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Satisfaction of the Performance
                                    Obligations</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.40" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.40</b> For each performance obligation, an
                                    entity shall determine at contract inception whether it
                                    satisfies the performance obligation over time or at a point in
                                    time, as explained in FASB ASC 606-10-25-24. The guidance in
                                    FASB ASC 606-10-25-27, and related paragraphs, is applied to
                                    determine whether a performance obligation is satisfied over
                                    time. Applying this guidance to a series of distinct goods or
                                    services that collectively represents a single performance
                                    obligation means that each of those promised goods or services
                                    must be a performance obligation satisfied over time (FASB ASC
                                    606-10-25-15a). The nature of the promise in providing the
                                    services informs the unit of accounting to which the guidance on
                                    satisfaction of a performance obligation applies. With respect
                                    to the promise to provide daily asset management services, each
                                    increment of service performed (that is, each daily investment
                                    management service) is the applicable unit of accounting to
                                    which the three criteria in FASB ASC 606-10-25-27 is applied.
                                    The three criteria are as follows:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The customer simultaneously receives and consumes the
                                            benefits provided by the entity’s performance as the
                                            entity performs (see paragraphs 606-10-55-5 through
                                            55-6).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The entity’s performance creates or enhances an asset
                                            (for example, work in process) that the customer
                                            controls as the asset is created or enhanced (see
                                            paragraph 606-10-55-7).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The entity’s performance does not create an asset with
                                            an alternative use to the entity (see paragraph
                                            606-10-55-28), and the entity has an enforceable right
                                            to payment for performance completed to date (see
                                            paragraph 606-10-55-29).</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.41" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.41</b> FinREC believes that each increment of
                                    asset management service (that is, each daily provision of
                                    service) is satisfied over time because the customer
                                    simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits of the
                                    advisory services in accordance with FASB ASC 606-10-25-27a, as
                                    another entity would not need to substantially re-perform any of
                                    the services performed to date and the customer can benefit from
                                    each day of service on its own.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>