<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-4ec8e4a4-409e-5e02-d504-6fbf12bc5cfd" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Variable Consideration</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.33" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.33</b> In accordance with FASB ASC 606-10-32-6,
                                    consideration paid for asset management services in the form of
                                    management fees that is tied to a measure of assets or capital,
                                    such as assets under management (AUM), is variable consideration
                                    because the amount of these fees is subject to fluctuation based
                                    on changes in AUM.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.34" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.34</b> As a form of variable consideration,
                                    management fees are estimated based on terms contained in the
                                    IMA as of contract inception. This estimate must be updated each
                                    financial statement reporting period (reporting period); for
                                    internal reporting purposes, more frequent updates may occur.
                                    FinREC believes that the expected value method (sum of
                                    probability weighted amounts) will best predict the amount of
                                    management fees that the asset manager will be entitled to given
                                    the large number of possible consideration amounts as discussed
                                    in FASB ASC 606-10-32-8. However, before including an estimate
                                    of management fees in the transaction price, consideration must
                                    be given to whether the constraint should be applied.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.35" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.35</b> The amount of variable consideration that
                                    can be included in the transaction price is limited to the
                                    amount for which it is probable that a significant revenue
                                    reversal will not occur when the uncertainties related to the
                                    variability are resolved. The management fee is typically
                                    calculated based either (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">a</i>)
                                    on AUM as of a date or dates within a given reporting period, or
                                        (<i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">b</i>) on AUM for a period
                                    of time that is not greater than a reporting period. The element
                                    of variability relative to management fees relates to the fact
                                    that the fees are based on the AUM, and the AUM can vary each
                                    day. The date of the measurement period and reporting period
                                    will often align.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_aag-rev4.6.36" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.6.36</b> Consequently, the management fee, in its
                                    entirety, can usually only be included in the transaction price
                                    at the end of each reporting period. FinREC believes that prior
                                    to this date, estimate of the management fee likely would be
                                    constrained from inclusion in the transaction price based on the
                                    guidance in paragraphs 11–13 of FASB ASC 606-10-32. The promised
                                    consideration is dependent on the market and, thus, is highly
                                    susceptible to factors outside the asset manager’s influence. In
                                    addition, management fees typically have a large number and
                                    broad range of possible consideration amounts. Although the
                                    asset manager may have experience with similar contracts, that
                                    historical experience is of little predictive value in
                                    determining the future performance of the market.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>