<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-36b93069-418f-360e-617e-fd22a8bcb986_UUID-927615e0-0b19-4932-8686-d0f512c6ed9c" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">FASB ASU No. 2019-04</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">In April 2019, FASB issued ASU No. 2019-04 to clarify, correct, and
                        improve various aspects of the guidance in ASU Nos. 2016-01, 2016-13, and
                        2017-12 related to financial instruments. The discussion herein will only
                        address those amendments related to ASU No. 2017-12. Amendments related to
                        ASU Nos. 2016-01 and ASU No. 2016-13 were addressed in previous sections of
                        this appendix.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">ASU No. 2019-04 clarifies certain aspects of the amendments in ASU No.
                        2017-12 as follows:</p>
      <ul class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Partial-term fair value hedges of interest
                                    rate risk.</i> The amendments clarify that an entity may
                                measure the change in fair value of a hedged item using an assumed
                                term only for changes attributable to interest rate risk. They also
                                clarify that an entity may measure the change in the fair value of
                                the hedged item attributable to interest rate risk using an assumed
                                term when the hedged item is designated in a hedge of both interest
                                rate risk and foreign exchange risk. In that instance, the change in
                                carrying value of the hedged item attributable to foreign exchange
                                risk must continue to be measured based on changes in the spot
                                exchange rate in accordance with FASB ASC 815-25-35-18. In addition,
                                the amendments clarify that one or more separately designated
                                partial-term fair value hedging relationships of a single financial
                                instrument can be outstanding at the same time, and for
                                forward-starting partial-term fair value hedges, the issuance of the
                                hedged item is assumed to occur on the date in which the first
                                hedged cash flow begins to accrue.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Amortization of fair value hedge basis
                                    adjustments.</i> The amendments clarify that an entity
                                may, but is not required to, begin to amortize a fair value hedge
                                basis adjustment before the fair value hedging relationship is
                                discontinued. If an entity elects to amortize the basis adjustment
                                during an outstanding partial-term hedge, that basis adjustment
                                should be fully amortized by the hedged item’s assumed maturity date
                                in accordance with FASB ASC 815-25-35-13B.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Disclosure of fair value hedge basis
                                    adjustments.</i> The amendments clarify that
                                available-for-sale debt securities should be disclosed at their
                                amortized cost and that fair value hedge basis adjustments related
                                to foreign exchange risk should be excluded from the disclosures
                                required by FASB ASC 815-10-50-4EE.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Consideration of the hedged contractually
                                    specified interest rate under the hypothetical derivative
                                    method.</i> The amendment clarifies that an entity should
                                consider the contractually specified interest rate being hedged when
                                applying the hypothetical derivative method.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Scope for not-for-profit
                                    entities.</i> The amendments clarify that a
                                not-for-profit entity that does not separately report earnings may
                                not elect the amortization approach for amounts excluded from the
                                assessment of effectiveness for fair value hedging
                                relationships.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Hedge accounting provisions applicable to
                                    certain private companies and not-for-profit
                                    entities.</i> The amendments clarify that a private
                                company that is not a financial institution as described in FASB ASC
                                942-320-50-1 should document the analysis supporting a last-of-layer
                                hedge designation concurrently with hedge inception. Not-for-profit
                                entities (except for not-for-profit entities that have issued, or
                                are a conduit bond obligor for, securities that are traded, listed,
                                or quoted on an exchange or an over-the-counter market) qualify for
                                the same subsequent quarterly hedge effectiveness assessment timing
                                relief for which certain private companies qualify in accordance
                                with FASB ASC 815-20-25-142.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Application of a first-payments-received
                                    cash flow hedging technique to overall cash flows on a group of
                                    variable interest payments.</i> The amendments clarify
                                that the application of the first-payments-received cash flow
                                hedging technique to changes in overall cash flows on a group of
                                variable interest payments continues to be permitted.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Transition guidance update.</i> The
                                amendment to FASB ASC 815-20-65-3(e)(1) clarifies that transition
                                adjustments to amend the measurement methodology of the hedged item
                                in a fair value hedge of interest rate risk should be made as of the
                                date of initial application of ASU No. 2017-12. The date of initial
                                application differs from the date of adoption if an entity adopts
                                the amendments in ASU No. 2017-12 in an interim period. The
                                amendments also clarify the following:</p>
            <ul outputclass="ul emdash" class="- topic/ul ">
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">An entity may rebalance its fair value hedging
                                        relationships of interest rate risk when it modifies the
                                        measurement methodology used for the hedged item from total
                                        contractual coupon cash flows to the benchmark rate
                                        component of the contractual coupon cash flows by any
                                        combination of increasing or decreasing the designated
                                        notional of the hedging instrument or increasing or
                                        decreasing the designated proportion of the hedged item.
                                        However, the entity may not add new hedged items or hedging
                                        instruments to the hedging relationship.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">An entity may transition from a quantitative method of
                                        hedge effectiveness assessment to a method comparing the
                                        hedging relationship’s critical terms in accordance with
                                        paragraphs 84 and 85 of FASB ASC 815-20-25 or paragraphs
                                        129–129A of FASB ASC 815-20-25 without dedesignating the
                                        existing hedging relationship if the guidance in those
                                        paragraphs is met.</p>
               </li>
               <li class="- topic/li ">
                  <p class="- topic/p ">A debt security reclassified from held-to-maturity to
                                        available-for-sale in accordance with FASB ASC
                                        815-20-65-3(e)(7) does not call into question an entity’s
                                        assertion to hold to maturity those debt securities that
                                        continue to be classified as held-to-maturity, is not
                                        required to be designated in a last-of-layer hedging
                                        relationship, and may be sold by an entity after
                                        reclassification.</p>
               </li>
            </ul>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>