<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_UUID-3d14934a-c99d-8888-3fce-b948217b5002" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Categories of Disclosures</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.59" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.59</b> Disclosure
                    requirements include</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">quantitative disclosures that are derived from the amounts included in
                            the financial statements (for example, categories of financial assets
                            and liabilities).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">quantitative disclosures that require significant judgment (for
                            example, sensitivity analysis for each type of market risk to which the
                            entity is exposed).</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">qualitative disclosures (for example, those that describe the entity’s
                            governance over financial instruments; objectives; controls, policies,
                            and processes for managing each type of risk arising from financial
                            instruments; and the methods used to measure the risks).</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.60" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.60</b> The more
                    sensitive the valuation to movements in a particular variable, the more likely
                    it is that disclosure will be necessary to indicate the uncertainties
                    surrounding the valuation. Financial reporting frameworks may also require
                    disclosure of sensitivity analyses, including the effects of changes in
                    assumptions used in the entity’s valuation techniques. For example, the
                    additional disclosures required for financial instruments with fair value
                    measurements that are categorized within level 3 inputs of the fair value
                    hierarchy are aimed at informing users of financial statements about the effects
                    of those fair value measurements that use the most subjective inputs.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.61" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.61</b> Financial
                    reporting frameworks may require disclosure of information that enables users of
                    the financial statements to evaluate the nature and extent of the risks arising
                    from financial instruments to which the entity is exposed at the reporting date.
                    The extent of disclosure depends on the extent of the entity’s exposure to risks
                    arising from financial instruments. This includes qualitative disclosures
                    about</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the exposures to risk and how they arise, including the possible
                            effects on an entity’s future liquidity and collateral
                            requirements.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the entity’s objectives, policies, and processes for managing the risk
                            and the methods used to measure the risk.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">any changes in exposures to risk or objectives, policies, or processes
                            for managing risk from the previous period.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>