<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-ec20638d-7cb6-f20d-8fa1-f4162ae42215" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Derivative Securities</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">Derivative Securities <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="10" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4-footnote-idm53392903227918" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">The Dodd-Frank Act divides regulatory authority over swap agreements
                            between the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) and the SEC
                            (with other regulators also having a role, such as the Federal Reserve
                            Board, which has an important role in setting capital and margin for
                            swap entities that are banks). Under the comprehensive framework for
                            regulating swaps and security-based swaps established in Title VII, the
                            CFTC is given regulatory authority over swaps, the SEC is given
                            regulatory authority over security-based swaps, and the commissions
                            shall jointly prescribe such regulations regarding mixed swaps as may be
                            necessary to carry out the purposes of Title VII.10. In addition, the
                            SEC is given antifraud authority over and access to information from
                            certain CFTC-regulated entities regarding security-based swap
                            agreements, which are a type of swap related to securities over which
                            the CFTC is given regulatory authority. In July 2012, the SEC issued
                            Release No. 33-9338, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Further Definition of
                                “Swap,” “Security-Based Swap,” and “Security-Based Swap Agreement;”
                                Mixed Swaps; Security-Based Swap Agreement Recordkeeping</i>.
                            This final rule further defines the terms <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">swap</i>, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">security-based
                                swap</i>, and <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">security-based swap
                                agreement</i> and provides further information on mixed swaps
                            and security-based swap agreement recordkeeping. See the SEC and the
                            CFTC websites for more information on ongoing swap and derivative
                            rulemaking.</p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-brd2_derivative_securities.dita#UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_UUID-ec20638d-7cb6-f20d-8fa1-f4162ae42215/UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4-footnote-idm53392903227918"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.101" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.101</b> FASB ASC 815
                    establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments,
                    including certain derivative instruments embedded in other contracts.
                    Broker-dealers value investments in trading securities and hedges at fair value.
                    This practice is an important one to consider in a review of the provisions of
                    FASB ASC 815. See the “<xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../../aag-brd/aag-brd5/aag-brd5_statement_of_financial_condition/aag-brd5_derivatives/aag-brd5_derivatives.dita#UUID-7fd03ea1-9f8d-9559-2b2e-9d777be1f8cd_UUID-9f626ffe-e1f4-ab53-85a3-80d193ecfbbe">Derivatives</xref>” section of chapter 5 of this guide for discussion of
                    FASB ASC 815. Derivative products (such as interest rate and currency swaps,
                    swaptions, caps, and floors) involve certain unique settlement procedures. The
                    settlement of these products does not involve the delivery of physical or book
                    entry securities, but rather only cash exchanges between counterparties based on
                    interest rates and notional or contract accounts. Settlement procedures for
                    interest rate swaps require the monitoring and calculation of the required
                    interest payment for the floating rate cash flow and the calculation of the
                    fixed-rate interest payment for the fixed-rate cash flow. Once these amounts are
                    determined on the interest payment date, the cash payments are then transmitted
                    to the appropriate counterparty by the method specified in the master swap
                    agreement, such as wire or check. Often, a broker-dealer will have more than one
                    swap agreement with a counterparty. If a master netting agreement is in place,
                    the counterparty may net the interest payments or receipts, and one net cash
                    payment will be made to or from the broker-dealer on the interest payment date.
                    The floating rate cash flow of an interest rate swap is continually updated, as
                    specified under the terms of the swap agreement, to enable the broker-dealer to
                    calculate the interest payment or receipt from the contract and also to
                    calculate unrealized gain or loss on a contract.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.102" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.102</b> Caps, floors,
                    and swaptions are settled solely for cash and do not require the exchange of
                    physical or book entry securities. For interest rate caps, upfront payments or
                    premiums are paid to the writer in exchange for the right to receive the excess
                    of a reference interest rate over a given rate. For interest rate floors,
                    premiums are paid to the writer for the right to receive the excess of a given
                    rate over a reference interest rate. The underlying contract is monitored
                    continuously to determine whether the change in the floating rate has triggered
                    the cap or floor. Once triggered, the cash payments or receipts of the amounts
                    in excess of the cap amount and the amounts below the floor amount are
                    calculated. Again, cash payments will be made in accordance with the master swap
                    agreement. On the interest payment date, cash payments or receipts may be netted
                    for counterparties that have a master netting agreement.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-b79d1049-1427-919d-3ca9-8853dfdf78d4_aag-brd2.103" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">2.103</b> <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Swaptions</i> are options to enter into an interest
                    rate swap at a future date or to cancel an existing swap in the future. Premiums
                    are paid to the writers of swaptions. Upon exercise of the swaption, the same
                    clearance procedures would apply for interest rate swaps, or the swap would
                    terminate with no further cash payment or receipt.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>