<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_UUID-056a5405-1e13-a0a1-b094-d2c32b102ab1" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Information and Communication</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.23" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.23</b> An information
                system consists of infrastructure (physical and hardware components), software,
                people, procedures (manual and automated), and data. Infrastructure and software
                will be absent or have less significance in systems that are exclusively or
                primarily manual. Many information systems, particularly within the financial
                services industry, make extensive use of IT. Communication involves providing an
                understanding of individual roles and responsibilities pertaining to internal
                control over financial reporting and/or internal control over compliance (for
                example, IT information flowing to regulatory calculations). It includes the extent
                to which personnel understand how their activities in the financial reporting
                information system relate to the work of others and the means of reporting
                exceptions to an appropriate higher level within the broker-dealer. Open
                communication channels help ensure that exceptions are reported and acted on. The
                principles of the information and communication system are as follows:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The organization obtains or generates and uses relevant, quality
                        information to support the functioning of internal control.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The organization internally communicates information, including objectives
                        and responsibilities for internal control, necessary to support the
                        functioning of internal control.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">The organization communicates with external parties regarding matters
                        affecting the functioning of internal control.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.24" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.24</b> The information
                system relevant to financial reporting objectives, which includes the accounting
                system, consists of the procedures, whether IT or manual, and records established to
                initiate, authorize, record, process, and report the broker-dealer's transactions
                (as well as events and conditions) and to maintain accountability for the related
                assets, liabilities, and equity. Transactions may be initiated manually or
                automatically by programmed procedures. Authorization includes the process of
                approving transactions by the appropriate level of management. Recording includes
                identifying and capturing the relevant information for transactions or events.
                Processing includes functions such as edit and validation, calculation, measurement,
                valuation, summarization, and reconciliation, whether performed by IT or manual
                procedures. Reporting relates to the preparation of financial reports, as well as
                other information, in electronic or printed format that the entity uses in measuring
                and reviewing the entity’s financial performance and in other functions. The
                accuracy and completeness of system-generated information affects management's
                ability to make appropriate decisions in managing and controlling the
                broker-dealer's activities and to prepare reliable financial reports. Accordingly,
                an information system encompasses methods and records that</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">identify and record all valid transactions.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">describe, on a timely basis, the transactions in sufficient detail to
                        permit proper classification of transactions for financial reporting.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">measure the value of transactions in a manner that permits recording their
                        proper monetary value in the financial statements.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">determine the time period in which transactions occurred to permit
                        recording of transactions in the proper accounting period.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">present properly the transactions and related disclosures in the financial
                        statements.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">maintain the books and records of the broker dealer outside of the
                        financial statements (for example, stock record).</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-109df70c-5172-3c73-d794-63201f89c3ad_aag-brd4.25" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">4.25</b> Communication can
                take the form of policy manuals, accounting and financial reporting manuals, and
                memoranda. Communication also can be made electronically, orally, and through the
                actions of management.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>