<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_UUID-3a5d8790-a4c7-32cc-ebb7-d702fcc482ea" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Participation by Those Charged With Governance</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-d3d67b1e-aa0b-c680-ff9a-a1229c2d70f9_aag-afi3.08" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">3.08</b> Paragraph
                        .A79 of AU-C section 315B addresses elements of the control environment that
                        may be relevant when obtaining an understanding of the control environment
                        and identifies the following attributes of those charged with
                        governance:</p>
      <ol outputclass="a" class="- topic/ol ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">their independence from management.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">their experience and stature.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the extent of their involvement and the information they receive
                                and the scrutiny of activities.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the appropriateness of their actions, including the degree to
                                which difficult questions are raised and pursued with
                                management.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">their interaction with internal and external auditors.</p>
         </li>
      </ol>
      <p class="- topic/p ">Those charged with governance oversee and concur with management’s
                        establishment of the entity’s overall risk appetite and provide oversight
                        over the entity’s financial instrument activities. An entity’s policies for
                        the purchase, sale, and holding of financial instruments are aligned with
                        its attitude toward risk and the expertise of those involved in financial
                        instrument activities. In addition, an entity may establish governance
                        structures and control processes aimed at</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">communicating investment decisions and assessments of all material
                                measurement uncertainty to those charged with governance, as well
                                as</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">evaluating the entity’s overall risk appetite when engaging in
                                financial instrument transactions.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>