<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Chapter 9 — Case Study of Separately Accounting for a Derivative Embedded in a
            Bond</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <note type="notice" outputclass="box-border shade grey" class="- topic/note ">
         <p class="- topic/p ">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Gray shaded text in this chapter reflects guidance issued but not yet
                    effective as of the date of this guide, September 1, 2020, but becoming
                    effective on or prior to December 31, 2020, exclusive of any option to early
                    adopt ahead of the mandatory effective date. Unless otherwise indicated, all
                    unshaded text reflects guidance that was already effective as of the date of
                    this guide.</i>
         </p>
      </note>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48_aag-afi9.01" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">9.01</b> In this case study, the
            entity purchases convertible bonds. The terms of the conversion feature allow the holder
            of the bonds the option of requiring the bond issuer to settle the bonds by converting
            each bond to a specified number of the issuer’s shares. These convertible bonds are a
            combination of an interest-bearing bond and a conversion option.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48_aag-afi9.02" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">9.02</b> Under FASB <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Accounting Standards Codification</i> (ASC) 815-15-25, an
            embedded derivative, such as a conversion option, must be separated from its host
            contract (in this case, the bonds) and accounted for as a derivative instrument if
            certain criteria are met. This case study illustrates how to apply the guidance on
            accounting for embedded derivatives contained in FASB ASC 815, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Derivatives and Hedging</i>, including determining the fair value of the
            embedded derivative and host contract. The case study also provides an example of how to
            apply the guidance contained in AU-C section 501B, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Audit
                Evidence — Specific Considerations for Selected Items</i>, to an embedded
            derivative. <ph class="- topic/ph ">
            <fn callout="1" id="UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48-aag-afi9-fn1" class="- topic/fn ">
               <p class="- topic/p ">All AU-C sections can be found in AICPA <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../ps.dita#UUID-31e5d376-7dc9-0bde-c2d8-e38aa3d16588">
                     <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Professional Standards</i>
                  </xref>. Each
                    AU-C section in this guide designated with a “B” suffix (for example, “AU-C
                    section 200B”) denotes content that does not reflect the codification of
                    Statements on Auditing Standards (SASs) Nos. 134–140 or the amendments to other
                    SASs made by SAS Nos. 134–140 and subsequently-issued SASs. <unknown id="UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48_N6617550098ddf" class="- topic/unknown ">AICPA Professional Standards</unknown>
               </p>
            </fn>
            <xref type="fn" class="- topic/xref " href="aag-afi9.dita#UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48/UUID-cd3834e3-9ff9-6054-6464-0912a1d75d48-aag-afi9-fn1"/>
         </ph>
      </p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>