<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709_UUID-e0023bfd-dad2-7a81-e0ea-217de3f98e03" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Auditor Reporting Standards</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p class="- topic/p ">In May 2020, the Auditing Standards Board (ASB) issued Statement on Auditing
                Standards (SAS) No. 141, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Amendment to the Effective Dates of
                    SAS Nos. 134–140</i>, to allow for a one-year delay of the effective
                dates of the following SASs that were issued between May 2019 and April 2020:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">SAS No. 134, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Auditor Reporting and Amendments,
                            Including Amendments Addressing Disclosures in the Audit of Financial
                            Statements</i>, as amended</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">SAS No. 135, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Omnibus Statement on Auditing
                            Standards — 2019</i>
            </p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">
               <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps/ad_us_auditing_standards_aicpa_clarified/ad_section_700_799/ad_720/ad_720.dita#UUID-de06c0ba-e278-d65f-d9fe-90e2f87aed46">SAS No. 137</xref>, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The Auditor’s
                            Responsibilities Relating to Other Information Included in Annual
                            Reports</i> (AU-C sec. 720) <unknown id="UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709_N661754ff7c578" class="- topic/unknown ">AU-C Section 720</unknown>
            </p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">SAS No. 138, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Amendments to the Description of the
                            Concept of Materiality</i>
            </p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">SAS No. 139, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Amendments to AU-C Sections 800, 805,
                            and 810 to Incorporate Auditor Reporting Changes From SAS No.
                            134</i>
            </p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">SAS No. 140, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Amendments to AU-C Sections 725, 730,
                            930, 935, and 940 to Incorporate Auditor Reporting Changes From SAS Nos.
                            134 and 137</i>
            </p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">SAS No. 134 was issued to enhance the relevance and usefulness of the auditor’s
                report. SAS No. 134 was developed by the ASB in consideration of the following
                issues:</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Although users value the "pass/fail" nature of the auditor’s opinion, they
                        would like the auditor’s report to provide greater transparency into the
                        audit.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">Users would like the auditor’s report to include more information about
                        areas with higher assessed risks of material misstatement, areas that
                        involve significant judgment by management and the auditor, and areas that
                        relate to significant events or transactions.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">To address the long-standing "expectations gap," users and other
                        stakeholders would like the auditor’s report to expand the descriptions of
                        the auditor’s responsibilities in financial statement auditing and
                        management’s responsibilities in financial statement preparation.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p class="- topic/p ">SAS No. 135 is intended to more closely align ASB guidance with the PCAOB
                standards primarily by amending <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps/ad_us_auditing_standards_aicpa_clarified/ad_section_200_299/ad_260/ad_260.dita#UUID-00f9ad4d-7607-9441-867f-ab03ac091421">AU-C sections 260</xref>, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The Auditor’s Communication
                    With Those Charged With Governance</i>, <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps/ad_us_auditing_standards_aicpa_clarified/ad_section_500_599/ad_550/ad_550.dita#UUID-0ca330e3-108a-916b-c147-793a2be9c452">550</xref>, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Related Parties</i>, and <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps/ad_us_auditing_standards_aicpa_clarified/ad_section_200_299/ad_240/ad_240.dita#UUID-d7eb88e1-cfbf-0138-62fb-21f8f62285b3">240</xref>, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Consideration of Fraud in a Financial
                    Statement Audit</i>, in AICPA <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Professional
                    Standards</i>. By eliminating unnecessary differences between the ASB
                guidance and PCAOB standards, auditors who perform audits under both sets of
                auditing standards will experience more consistency between the guidance and
                standards, thereby enhancing audit quality. <unknown id="UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709_N661754ff7e625" class="- topic/unknown ">AU-C Section 260</unknown>
         <unknown id="UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709_N661754ff807e5" class="- topic/unknown ">AU-C Section 550</unknown>
         <unknown id="UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709_N661754ff82862" class="- topic/unknown ">AU-C Section 240</unknown>
      </p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">SAS No. 137 provides transparency related to the auditor’s responsibility for
                other information included in an annual report when the auditor has obtained all the
                other information at the date of the auditor’s report on the financial statements.
                SAS No. 137 supersedes SAS No. 118, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Other Information in
                    Documents Containing Audited Financial Statements</i>, as amended and
                codified in <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps/ad_us_auditing_standards_aicpa_clarified/ad_section_700_799/ad_720/ad_720.dita#UUID-de06c0ba-e278-d65f-d9fe-90e2f87aed46">AU-C section 720</xref>, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">The Auditor’s Responsibilities
                    Relating to Other Information Included in Annual Reports</i>. <unknown id="UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709_N661754ff84883" class="- topic/unknown ">AU-C Section 720</unknown>
      </p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">SAS No. 138 aligns the materiality concepts discussed in AICPA <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps.dita#UUID-31e5d376-7dc9-0bde-c2d8-e38aa3d16588">
            <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Professional Standards</i>
         </xref> with the
                description of materiality used by the U.S. judicial system, the auditing standards
                of the PCAOB, the SEC, and FASB. The ASB’s current description of the concept of
                materiality is consistent with the definition used by the International Accounting
                Standards Board and the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. The
                changes are not expected to significantly affect practice. <unknown id="UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709_N661754ff85cb7" class="- topic/unknown ">AICPA Professional Standards</unknown>
      </p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">SAS No. 139 amends the following AU-C sections to reflect changes to the auditor’s
                report included in SAS No. 134: <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps/ad_us_auditing_standards_aicpa_clarified/ad_section_800_899/ad_800/ad_800.dita#UUID-70b4644e-39a7-74c0-7af0-b02219082c14">section 800</xref>, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Special Considerations — Audits of
                    Financial Statements Prepared in Accordance With Special Purpose
                    Frameworks</i>; <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps/ad_us_auditing_standards_aicpa_clarified/ad_section_800_899/ad_805/ad_805.dita#UUID-5075f96d-b339-e4a5-d280-d05ac27a66c2">section 805</xref>, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Special Considerations — Audits of
                    Single Financial Statements and Specific Elements, Accounts, or Items of a
                    Financial Statement</i>; and <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps/ad_us_auditing_standards_aicpa_clarified/ad_section_800_899/ad_810/ad_810.dita#UUID-05efbd10-6f5c-b27c-bfdb-89a565e6ab8a">section 810</xref>, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Engagements to Report on Summary
                    Financial Statements</i>. <unknown id="UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709_N661754ff8714b" class="- topic/unknown ">AU-C Section 800</unknown>
         <unknown id="UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709_N661754ff8a34b" class="- topic/unknown ">AU-C Section 805</unknown>
         <unknown id="UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709_N661754ff8c3d9" class="- topic/unknown ">AU-C Section 810</unknown>
      </p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">SAS No. 140 contains amendments to conform the following AU-C sections to SAS No.
                134: <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps/ad_us_auditing_standards_aicpa_clarified/ad_section_900_999/ad_930/ad_930.dita#UUID-f417f2e2-956c-af20-acaf-807b785c6d32">section 930</xref>, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Interim Financial
                    Information</i>; <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps/ad_us_auditing_standards_aicpa_clarified/ad_section_900_999/ad_935/ad_935.dita#UUID-77a75723-b945-57ff-5cca-f7b085be8d85">section 935</xref>, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Compliance Audits</i>; and
                    <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps/ad_us_auditing_standards_aicpa_clarified/ad_section_900_999/ad_940/ad_940.dita#UUID-f689a76e-110d-7049-255e-127c5e77a490">section 940</xref>, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">An Audit of Internal Control Over
                    Financial Reporting That Is Integrated With an Audit of Financial
                    Statements</i>. SAS No. 140 also contains amendments to conform the
                following AU-C sections to SAS No. 137: <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps/ad_us_auditing_standards_aicpa_clarified/ad_section_700_799/ad_725/ad_725.dita#UUID-fe4c1dc4-62f9-3865-ea7c-5549dd3ab37c">AU-C section 725</xref>, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Supplementary Information in
                    Relation to the Financial Statements as a Whole</i>, and <xref format="dita" class="- topic/xref " href="../../../ps/ad_us_auditing_standards_aicpa_clarified/ad_section_700_799/ad_730/ad_730.dita#UUID-33824f66-92a8-6bb5-a40d-9a9da361a80e">AU-C section 730</xref>, <i class="+ topic/ph hi-d/i ">Required Supplementary
                    Information</i>. <unknown id="UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709_N661754ff8f5c9" class="- topic/unknown ">AU-C Section 930</unknown>
         <unknown id="UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709_N661754ff92e19" class="- topic/unknown ">AU-C Section 935</unknown>
         <unknown id="UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709_N661754ff9630d" class="- topic/unknown ">AU-C Section 940</unknown>
         <unknown id="UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709_N661754ff98483" class="- topic/unknown ">AU-C Section 725</unknown>
         <unknown id="UUID-ac5d1513-a36d-c60c-59dc-9ffd29707709_N661754ff9a4ec" class="- topic/unknown ">AU-C Section 730</unknown>
      </p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">SAS No. 141 is effective upon issuance. In general, SAS No. 141 changes the
                effective dates of SAS Nos. 134–140 from December 15, 2020 to December 15, 2021 to
                provide more time for firms to implement these SASs in light of the effect of the
                coronavirus pandemic. Early implementation of SAS Nos. 134–140 is also now
                permitted, and the ASB recommends that SAS Nos. 134–140 be implemented at the same
                time.</p>
      <p class="- topic/p ">This edition of the guide has not been updated to reflect changes as a result of
                these SASs. Each AU-C section in this guide designated with a “B” suffix (for
                example, “AU-C section 200B”) denotes content that does not reflect the codification
                of SAS Nos. 134–140 or the amendments to other SASs made by SAS Nos. 134–140 and
                subsequently-issued SASs. However, future guidance is presented as a guidance update
                box that includes only a very concise summary of what is coming and the effective
                dates of the guidance. The guidance update box is presented at the beginning of the
                chapter or immediately following the section header for each impacted section. In
                addition, readers are encouraged to consult the full text of the SASs at <xref scope="external" format="html" class="- topic/xref " href="https://www.aicpa.org/interestareas/frc/auditattest/auditing-standards-information-and-resources.html">https://www.aicpa.org/interestareas/frc/auditattest/auditing-standards-information-and-resources.html</xref>.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>