<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_UUID-a064fcbb-3c57-fa6a-a19d-bf6f11ce8ec4" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Dark Pools</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.45" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.45</b> A dark pool of liquidity is trading
                        volume or liquidity that is not available to the public. The bulk of dark
                        pool trades represent large trades by financial institutions that are
                        offered away from public exchanges so that trades are anonymous. The
                        fragmentation of financial trading venues and electronic trading has allowed
                        dark pools to be created, and they are normally accessed through crossing
                        networks or directly between market participants.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.46" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.46</b> There are three major types of dark
                        pools. The first is where independent companies set up to offer a unique
                        differentiated basis for trading. The second is where the broker-dealer owns
                        the dark pool and clients of the broker-dealer can interact, most commonly
                        with other clients of the broker (possibly including its own proprietary
                        traders) in conditions of anonymity. The third is where public exchanges, or
                        consortiums of broker-dealers, create their own dark pools to allow their
                        clients the benefits of anonymity and non-display of orders while offering
                        an exchange’s resources and infrastructure.</p>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-e3418fe7-9457-ef05-e6be-7b76aa67ad87_aag-brd1.47" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.47</b> These systems and strategies typically
                        seek liquidity among open and closed trading venues, such as other
                        alternative trading systems. As such, they are particularly useful for
                        computerized and quantitative strategies. Dark pools have been growing in
                        importance, with dozens of different pools garnering a substantial portion
                        of U.S. equity trading. Dark pools are of various types and can execute
                        trades in multiple ways, such as through negotiation or automatically,
                        throughout the day or at scheduled times.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>