<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE aicpa-topic PUBLIC "-//PWC//DTD AICPA DITA Topic//EN" "aicpa-topic.dtd"><aicpa-topic xmlns:ditaarch="http://dita.oasis-open.org/architecture/2005/" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_UUID-3d2a1fbe-981d-5be2-63d7-3fd9b7028f85" ditaarch:DITAArchVersion="1.3" domains="(topic abbrev-d)                            a(props deliveryTarget)                            (topic equation-d)                            (topic hazard-d)                            (topic hi-d)                            (topic indexing-d)                            (topic markup-d)                            (topic mathml-d)                            (topic pr-d)                            (topic relmgmt-d)                            (topic sw-d)                            (topic svg-d)                            (topic ui-d)                            (topic ut-d)                            (topic aicpa-d)                            (topic markup-d xml-d)   " class="- topic/topic aicpa-topic/aicpa-topic ">
   <title class="- topic/title ">Consensus Pricing Services</title>
   <body class="- topic/body ">
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.49" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.49</b> Some
                        entities may use pricing data from consensus pricing services, which differ
                        from other pricing services. Consensus pricing services obtain pricing
                        information about an instrument from several participating entities
                        (subscribers). Each subscriber submits prices to the pricing service. The
                        pricing service treats this information confidentially and returns to each
                        subscriber the consensus price, which is usually an arithmetical average of
                        the data after a data-cleansing routine has been employed to eliminate
                        outliers. For some markets, such as exotic derivatives, consensus prices
                        might constitute the best available data. However, many factors are
                        considered when assessing the representational faithfulness of the consensus
                        prices, including, for example</p>
      <ul outputclass="ul bullet" class="- topic/ul ">
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">whether the prices submitted by the subscribers reflect actual
                                transactions or just indicative prices based on their own valuation
                                techniques.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the number of sources from which prices have been obtained.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">the quality of the sources used by the consensus pricing
                                service.</p>
         </li>
         <li class="- topic/li ">
            <p class="- topic/p ">whether participants include leading market participants.</p>
         </li>
      </ul>
      <p outputclass="ps_para_number" id="UUID-6fb2258c-c136-40b1-b87c-df36644428fb_aag-afi1.50" class="- topic/p ">
         <b class="+ topic/ph hi-d/b ">1.50</b> Typically,
                        consensus prices are only available to subscribers who have submitted their
                        own prices to the service. Accordingly, not all entities will have direct
                        access to consensus prices. Because a subscriber generally cannot know how
                        the prices submitted were estimated, other sources of evidence in addition
                        to information from consensus pricing services may be needed for management
                        to support its valuation. In particular, this may be the case if the sources
                        are providing indicative prices based on their own valuation techniques, and
                        management is unable to obtain an understanding of how these sources
                        calculated their prices.</p>
   </body>
   <related-links class="- topic/related-links ">
      <linklist type="inline-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Inline Links</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Inline Links here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="frequently-asked-questions" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">FAQs</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add FAQs here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="industry-insights" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Industry Insights</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Industry Insights here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="example-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Examples</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Examples here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
      <linklist type="templates-links" class="- topic/linklist ">
         <desc class="- topic/desc ">Templates</desc>
         <link class="- topic/link ">
            <linktext class="- topic/linktext ">Add Templates here</linktext>
         </link>
      </linklist>
   </related-links>
</aicpa-topic>